one man is giving lecture on the stage
white tall fit blond male wearing a white social shirt and black social pants giving a speech to a crowd where the background has the words anchester
a man in a white shirt is talking on a stage while standing in a red circle.
a man giving a speech about how was his morning and his day
man using a social costume giving a lecture on a well lighted stage
a man standing up taking to a crowd of people speaking.
a person in black pants and white shirt, is talking about his morning routine, about how he is prone to watch videos on his smarthone after waking up.
a person looks very much excited while presenting something
a man in a white shirt gives a speech in manchester.
man in white shirt is lecturing on a stage with a big red circle in the center
a doctor talking about his patients teeth and the before and after pictures of the treatment
two open mouths showing rows of teeth and a tongue
a doctor describing various types of bad tooth with pictures.
a man who dentist little commenting on the problem in a person's teeth.
it is an educative video of a dentist telling a story about someone's teeth, while showing pictures of people's teeth.
a dentist is talking about a patient who has changed his teeth. a disturbing image of strange teeth also is shown.
a set of bad teeth are seen before a speaking doctor comes into view.
a dentist sitting at a table talking about teeth showing photos and models of teeth.
the dentist is explaining about the tooths how it is damaging.
dental doctor explain to the teeth
a video of a group of giraffes going outside and then one stops to look into the camera.
there are a bunch of giraffes that are walking in a hallway.
a giraffe is showing face in front of camera and other giraffes moving ahead to him.
several giraffes walking indoors and one stops to stare at the camera and stick out it's tongue.
many  giraffe are walking slowly one by one
giraffes walking up the building and one giraffe staring into the camera
several giraffes walk down a corridor and one stops to make faces at the camera.
giraffes are walking through a special type corridor protected by nets all around and specially lighted.
giraffes are coming one by one and the first giraffe is focusing the camera
a giraffe give the some action in front of camera
a group of tourists are approaching a pyramid in egypt.
the great pyramid of giza in egypt with blocks in the foreground.
a group of people, some on horseback, are making their way towards a great pyramid
man with red shirt riding a horse in front of spring
men ride on horseback towards a pyramid in the desert.
the persons are going to climbing .
a person riding a horse and asking to his tourist guide, how much costs to climb the pyramids
in the egyptian desert, two men on horseback converse over the backdrop of the great pyramids.
a group of people are riding a horse towards the pyramid.
man on horse with a young boy walking in a desert approaching a pyramid
a man in glasses sits in the back of a car with a woman.
a man sitting in the back seat of a car
a men with black court blinking and doing something to that girl who is sleeping
a man and women is sitting in the backseat of a car while a person outside is digging.
a person inside in a car and he is speaking the girl
a man hesitantly reaching across a dead woman's body
a man with flasses is sitting in the backseat of acar with a person next to him while another stands outside the window.
in this video we can see a man inside a car looking a dead woman
a man with glasses looking at a curly haired woman inside a car
a man wearing brown coat and eye glasses is trying to unlawfully touch a sleeping woman seated beside him in the back seat of a stationary car as another man is seen clearing the road with a shovel.
lips with shiny red lipstick move and talk.
a person with red lips lip synching a song.
a song plays as lips with red lipstick are shown reciting the lyrics.
a guy with makeup and red lipstick singing
a clip of a music video that shows a closeup of a set of female lips singing the words of the song.
there are some really bright red lips that are singing some lyrics to a song.
a white woman with red lipstick is singing.
a close-up of red lips sing a song.
closeup of a woman's shiny red lips as she lip syncs a song from a male singer.
there is a guy singing and in customer and lipsticks.
a baby is happily playing with a balloon and laughing.
a small child is biting on the head of the balloon and laughing.
a person in a pink dress is playing around with a pink balloon.
a baby in a pink dress playing with a balloon and laughing
the young baby was blowing up the pink balloon.
a baby girl in a pink top bites and pulls at the tie of a pink ballon and laughs.
a baby plays with a pink balloon by biting it and laughing.
a baby in a dress sitting with a balloon in her mouth.
a baby girl wearing pink laughs when her pink balloon makes a popping noise.
a little baby blows up a balloon and sees it in her eye
a person in blue coat is pulling up his brother as he was drowning in sea water.
a man in blue shirt helping another man to climb up
a man finishing climbing a wall with his colleague helping him.
it is scene from a movie  where the herione sees spaceships and discussing the situation
a man pulling up another man to get out from the sea.
a person help to the opposite person he is fall in the water
a guy helping another guy who is climbing in a boat.
a man who is helped to rise by another
in this video we can see one man rescues another from the sea
a man jumping in upstairs and another helping the hand
a guy with grey top is talking in the room in front of the window.
a person is describing the fact on energy and fat
a young man speaks about food.
a man talking on camera about energy and conservation.
a boy talking about food and getting fat
a man dressed in a gray shirt talks about his diet
the man is telling how certain people don't have to eat to get through the day.
the man is talking about how they don't have to eat constantly because they're using body fat.
a man in grey dress speaking about a topic based food habits
a person seems to be explaining something to another
a man with black shirt and grey pants riding a skateboard in a indoor skate park.
someone playing the skate board with new advanced model
a man in a black cap and black shirt is skateboarding on a rink.
a man wearing a black tshirt is skateboarding indoors
a man is practicing stake boarding on the floor
man performs on a uniquely shaped skateboard.
bearded man and cap walking with electric skateboard on rink.
a man with a beard and cap is riding a skateboard
one person practicing the skate and he is scaring
the guy in the cap rides on a special skateboard on the prepared siten the
car view of a it chasing a storm where the right side panel shows different tipes of views and cloud formations
the sky is showing in bad weather and someone explains the meteorological forecast about storms
a vehicle moving fast in road and capturing weather conditions.
male voice with map describing driving and tracking a storm
a stormchaser discusses his decision to track storm c as he drives.
a car is chasing another car in a long road
driving in a car while describing bad weather.
a man tracking and describing  the various types of storms.
stormchases chasing a storm
dashboard camera with map showing accelerated footage of a road.
garlic was uncoverd with fingures on the tables
a person is peeling garlic on a board
someone is carefully pilling the skin of the garlic so far he/she did three.
someone is taking apart cloves of garlic.
a woman is modeling homemade pasta over a wooden table
a person is peeling garlic on a wooden surface while a song is playing.
someone is peeling three pieces of garlic with music playing in background.
a man is peeling the garlic and keeping on table.
female hands peeling three cloves of garlic on the table.
there is a person who is building small items and rolling them
its a tutorial of cutting of the skin of a piece of meat. hes showing use how to do it.
a white man is using a knife to peel skin off of a piece of meat.
a man teaching how to remove the meat's skin with a sharp knife
a man is cutting beef in to small layers using a knife.
a man in black color shirt is slicing a meat into very thin slices with a very sharp knife.
a time lapse video instructing the viewer how to remove skin from a pork belly.
person carefully cutting a thin slice of meat with a knife
a man with a knife separates the skin from smoked bacon, commenting on the process
a man cutting meat in cutting board at kitchen using knife.
a person cooked to non veg preparation
color full bows making diy for two styles, placed four colored bows on a brown back ground.
a glue gun, scissors, and tulle are used to demonstrate the making of bows.
a diy title tulle bow is playing
there are some bows showing and then materials and tools of the bow showing up.
the person is talking on how to make a tulle bow.
this is a diy when we are free we can try this with glue, sissers, scale,tape etc...
a bow making ribbon and accessories are shown, bow are done in different colors
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
you-tube channel about diy and beginning to do something nice from tapes
the lady is giving us tutorial to make thing from material.
there is an aeroplane  flying and there is female speaking behind talking about the aeroplane
two air crafts are parked side by side and another one takes off.
a missile is landing which is white in color,and a small missile is taking off
two aeroplanes are parked in line with no one around
demonstration of a modern airplane, as if it were two in one
some white jet planes are on a runway about to take off flight.
a girl is telling about different bizarre things that can fly.
the video shows aeroplanes on a runway with a woman voicing over
strange aircraft on a runway, while a women does a voice over talking about seeing strange things that can fly.
it's an airplane in a airport. this is two plains joined by the wing.
man in black t-shirt who is sitting in car was interrupted by someone while he is making an call for someone in mobile
trailer, young black april sitting in a car and waiting for a response by phone
a man makes a call to someone phone bell rings someone knocks the windows
a man sitting in a car and calling someone on the mobile phone.
a man knocks on a car window while another man listens to someone on the phone
a black man in the car is trying to make a call and then a man knocks on the car door to speak to him
a man wearing a hat and black t shirt inside the car is calling someone from his phone when suddenly somebody knocks on the car window and he hangs up the phone.
a black man calls on the mobile inside his car
a person inside the car calling someone at that time other person knocks his car window
a man sits in a car holding a phone that is ringing while someone knocks on the car window
1 person dancing and 2 people watching bom dance
three men dance inside a room with a purple wall and a wooden floor.
a guy with black hoodie and pants is dancing to the beat with two others.
pop music clip with several editions and 3 men dancing in a kind of studio
jason durulo is break dancing in a studio with two backing dancers.
three dancers are dancing for a song in a studio.
three boys are dancing on a song on the floor
three persons practicing dance for rock music
the 3 boys are perfoming a hip hop dance
three persons are dancing in dance classroom
some one is telling how to build stuff with lego.
a lego brick structure of godzilla and a sky scraper spinning on a pedestal.
the animated lego thing is spinning around on the thing.
a toy building is place right next to a fire breathing monster as the white platform spins around.
a dino and building made out of legos are on a table
godzilla and a department store, both made out of legos, are shown with the announcer saying he will give instructions on how to build the store after he makes some announcements.
a man showcases a lego recreation from a famous godzilla film.
a lego creation with godzilla and a large yellow building.
a male voice introduces how to build the lego version of godzilla and the ginza wako department store building  seen on revolving stand.
a tan building and a godzilla made from legos revolve around
a person is drawing a cat with pencil
a person drawing a cat.
coloring of a cat
an artist is drawing a cat in their sketch book.
an artist drawing a picture of a cat on drawing paper
a person is sketching a  cat which is looking very realistic.
an artist is sketching a cute cat with a pencil.
a very beautiful cat face pattern is made with a pen
a hand holding a pencil and drawing a cat on a page in a book.
a person draw a cat picture and coloured  perfectly
a woman, wearing a suit is standing on a red circle on a stage. the words 'ted x smu' stand in large letters on the stage behind her.
a man wearing black jacket is speaking on the stage
a person in gray gives a ted talk.
a woman speaking very well
a lady in stage telling about disease how check them
the man is standing on stage and doing a performance.
a women speaking about evaluating centers for tuberculosis and avian influenza
a woman in the center of a stage talking to the audience
a woman is giving a scientific ted talk about influenza
a woman gives a speech while standing in a pink carpet
there are some kids doing aerobics.
a group of female gymnasts practice tumbling and jumping
a girl is performing gymnastics with piano music in the background.
a little girl in the gymnast suit is doing gymnastucs in a very beautiful manner
gymnastics performance by a small girl in black leotard
a little girl is doing gymnastics for competition practice.
a young girl dressed in a black costume practices a gymnastics routine in a gym.
a young girl does her gymnastics routine to a piano soundtrack.
a girl is doing tumbling in a gym.
a young girl is in a gym practicing her floor exercise routine.
a clip showing a cube with letters appearing on various sides and ends into sergsb.
a black cube with letters on each side turning advertising tutoring.
an opening sequence for a tutorial video that spells out sergs b.
a tv promo showing and advertisement of sergs b. tutorial.
in the blue sliding screens shows some tutorial program
there is a cube that is spinning in many directions.
there is a block that is rotating a lot and has a b on it
a animated rubik's cube shows different alphabets and the title card appears to be sergs tutorials.
a commercial about serg b. pictured cube turning every which wa
a cartoon box rotating around with letters on it.
a picture of an elderly woman in a blue suit smiling
an old in the blue dress with specks with text about memorial submit.
a blue dressing womens standing
an african woman wearing a blue dress and glasses is smiling at the camera.
the dvd title shows the memory of a women
a woman's photo slide is playing and some text appearing
a memorial is displayed to a deceased renowned person.
a lady with blue suit and curly brown hair is portraying for a cover.
this dvd video is devoted in loving memory to thelma mo mo givens
there's a woman with a tall afro hairstyle and big glasses in a photo on the left.
the logo of bbc worldwide is shown. then the bbs selection palette is displayed.
bbc worldwide channel screen with other screen images and background music.
screen divided in grides showing names of some television programs
bbc commercial, with orange background and color lapses as if they were fireworks, where the channel's program logo appears
showing bbc worldwide channel and various tv shows symbols.
there is a subscription symbol for bbb world wide
a sequence featuring bbc title screens of a few of their shows.
staring of bbc worldwide with its emblem with mention of few of its topics
a video playing the bbc world news in the advertisements
the different program schedule of bbc worldwide is shown.
an automatic luggage rack from a white car
the person is showing how to open and close the trunk of the suv.
the trunk of a car is opened up, then a person presses a button to close the trunk.
a luxury car with the trunk open and then closed.
the back gate of a white vehicle that is backed into a wall beside a red sedan lifts up.
automatic opening of dicky of the car
some person open the car back dekey and explain the futures
a man in a garage is opening, viewing a trunk car and closing it by clicking a button.
a car trunk is opening before a hand reaches inside.
a person shows the inside of a trunk of a white car.
a man sitting down is circled by a group of people.
a black man in a white blouse and blue vest singing with some people around
a guy is singing and many people are going around him.
many persons are walking surrounding one men and that men is singing song
there's a person who is singing and there are a lot of people who are surrounding him.
a man in a crowd singing a song
many people walking while in the center, a man in a blue vest sings
clip with singer standing in the middle of people walking in all directions
a man in the center as people walk by him, and he is singing.
singing man dressed in a white shirt and a blue vest
a man is showing us an mobile phone application with his hands
a man is holding an android mobile phone and iphone to show a transfer procedure
someone is holding an android phone and talking about setting an app up on either an android or an i phone.
they r explaining about the app from the mobile app
a man with phone in his hand explaining some features of the phone and there is an i phone in the table.
a man showing two phones and explaining or comparing an iphone with another phone.
someone is holding phone and explains the app
a man is showing two smart phones.
a guy is comparing an android phone with an iphone.
a man explaine the features of a mobile phone
a group of puppies watch a tv show while their master yells at one of them.
8 dogs siting and watching tv. and one cat running around one white dog barking at a man shouting
the hundred and one dalmatian scene where the puppie bark
a group of puppies watching tv and a man talking to puppies in an animation.
a clip from the animated film 101 dalmations.
a cartoon man gets angry at a dalmatian puppy causing the puppy to bark at him.
a person in cartoon talks to a group of dogs and it barks back.
many dalmatians watching tv, one of them turned to bark at a man.
a group of dogs watching tv, when a man hits one of it, another turns back and barks at him
a man is showing something to puppies sitting in a row in television one puppy cmae bag jumping and barking
a machine to cut wood and a man using a knife to help cut the wood ball
a man saws a piece of wood off of a laythe.
person using a sander on a round rock.
a man shaping the wood with highly equiped machine.
a man is cutting off a spherical structure away from a woodworking machine.
a person cutting in wooden machine
a man cutting something from a machine with a knife.
a men making wooden product with a machine
a person is cutting the side of a machine with a knife.
work done with machinery and handsaw, cutting a piece of wood
lot of people in colorful dresses where dancing near the beach and enjoying.
we have a group of people on the beach dancing for a music video
a group of kids on a beach gathered togther and singing about summer
a crowd of boys and girls are coming together running through beach shore and performing a beautiful dance.
a group of people are closing in on a camera on a tropical island, then they burst out in a song.
a gruop of children running and dancing near the sea cost
a lot of peoples are enjoying summer by happily dancing together near the seashores.
many kids are running , dancing and singing a song beside sea shore
a flash dance of people on the beach under the blue sky with white clouds.
a group of people were enjoying the vacation with full of music and dance
a boy is telling about beautifully designed cars and welcoming every one to the lamborghini factory
i see a car in the lamborgini factory.
a beautiful orange lamborghini is presented in a factory of the same name
the guy is talking about the orange car that was in the factory
an orange colour lamborghini is displaying in the showroom.
orange lamborghini car being shown in a car making factory.
a orange color race car review.
a car manufacturing company showing off an orange sports car.
in the garage, someone parked an orange sports car
a car loco shed and camera captured with nice way.
gray t-shirt young boy some speaks with great gesture
a person is speaking about something and fruit are in the truck
american man with pumpkins in a pickup truck
man in car broking hall talking to several pumpkins behind
a young man sits in the back of a pickup truck full of pumpkins outside in a tropical location.  the man explains that he is going to cut and feed the pumpkins to some tortoises who are in an enclosure nearby.
a man is talking about the pumpkins sitting on the backside of a pick up truck which is having lot of pumpkins loaded
the man is explaining how he save the insides of the pumpkin for the people to enjoy.
a man sitting in the back of a pickup truck full of pumpkin
a vegetable merachant explaining something by sitting on a truck
a man has a black truck full of pumpkins.
there are two men, on in black dress and the other in white. the person in black dress is praying to god and the other guy is taking something from his bag.
a guy is on his knee praying and another guy stand behind him
there are two person, one in a black shirt closed his hands, and second in a white shirt trying to put out something in his bag.
two persons in the video and one person praying to the god and other person not praying and distract the other man.
two apparently chinese or japanese men talking one after the other.
two men with oriental characteristics, where one is praying and the other seems to be taking something out of his bag to hurt him
a dark-haired man is looking up into the air as he prays with a man in a white shirt talking behind him.
a person praying by hands down and another person talking in foreign language behind the first one
a man with black hair seems to be praying while a bald man talks to him.
two men speaking with one of them making a pleading gesture.
a chinese man is cutting the hair of an other man.
a barber cutting hair of a man in a saloon.
a barber uses some clippers to trim another man's hair.
a man who is wearing white shirt is performing hair dressing for another man.
a hair dressor at the salon tries to cut another mans hair who is seated on the salon chair.
a guy in a white shirt is cutting the persons hair
a man is giving a haircut to another man.
a man is doing a hair cut in saloon shop from saloon boy
a barber gives a man a mohawk haircut.
a guy is butting another guy hair.
there is a woman who turns on a whisk machine and then puts eggs in it.
a woman in a kitchen getting ready to prepare some dish
woman in black apron prepares dough on a food processor
the lady is mixing the dough and turning on the dough maker.
woman in kitchen inserts ingredients into a blender, then blends them.
a woman in green mixes eggs into a silver mixing machine in a kitchen.
a women making juice with a grinder in the kitchen
a woman wearing a black apron mixes the ingredients in the mixer.
a woman tells about cooking in the kitchen
in a kitchen, a woman is using a mixer to mix some ingredients, on the table there are several white containers to place the mixture. the woman has a black apron.
a smilling person is talking about the conclusion of todays video
a young man provides commentary about a picture he is seeing.
a man with headphones on, laughing and talking about a video.  the video is in the background with lots of guys laughing and cheering and drinking.
there is a two men open their mouth
the man was laugh for a music cd video
sine us watching a video of no man's sky
crew of people shouts joyfully showing a disk written no mans sky was described by a inner video man
a man with a goatee on a red chair and wearing red headphones talks about a photo of lots of guys in a room celebrating.
one person in black colour dress and he is wearing headset laughing by seeing something
a man wearing large red headphone talking while looking at a photo on his screen.
an animated words are getting displayed with blue background
this vedio showing us to subscribe his channel.
the message to subscribe the program appears on the screen with logo.
video with an image and an inscription
an advertising video of a pink design with a light blue background asking you to subscribe.
video inducing people to sign up for something
video end screen where viewers are asked to subscribe to the channel.
a prompt alert for subscribing the channel is pop up.
a pink symbol pops up that looks sort of like a brain with the word subscribe then popping up underneath it.
a short video clip requesting viewers to subscribe.
a person cooking bacon in a oily pan that looks crispy.
a women roasting beef stick in a pan
a meal is being prepared out by boiled deeply in a pan
a woman tells about frying fish on a pan
woman narrating some bacon being fried in a hot pan and with oil.
a person cooking some recipe its boiling in pan
in the stove, someone is cooking cold bacon in a cold pan.
a food being prepared in a frying pan.
when is cooking strips of meat in a pan
a person is preparing beef in a pan
we have an adult elephant and its young son feeding on herbs
there is two elephants,one is big and the second is small.they are in grass trying to eat.
an elephant and her baby standing in the veldt.
an elephant and his baby elephant are eating some plants
the elephant is eat to the small elephant in the occur. the nature place in the elephant.
a mother elephant is with her baby in a lush green grassland.
a mother elephant  and baby elephant  are in a forest  and both are eating  grass
a narrator is describing how a dangerous a mother elephant can be in protecting her baby by charging.
an elephant along with her baby eating grass in a grassland.
the mother elephant is stand at her kid
blonde child on a beach, asking about things she is seeing there
girl child playing in bach side with tools her own with dark sky nature
one cute little girl in pink colour dress standing and watching something
a little girl with purple color dress is walking in beach
a girl with pink dress is seeing the seashore
a lady tells young girl rain is coming to get them.
a little blonde girl is looking around at the beach surrounding her.
a little girl is watching the storm pass over the ocean.
a baby girl watches a woman walking on a bikini in a beach.
little blond girl is on the beach and the sky is cloudy
on a white table a woman teaches how to make a bow.
teaching to make ties.
a woman is trying to teach how to make a bow
a woman is finishing putting together a pink bow with her hands. she is placing a final decorative detail in the middle of the bow.
a woman is explaining how to do a butterfly with kind of paper
a lady an expert in handcrafts is making a beautiful bow in orange color foam material and is giving finishing touches to it with both her hands
a woman is folding a pink bow with her two hands.
a closeup of a woman tieing a pink strip of fabric around a pink bow.
a woman passes a strip of pink fabric to finish a pink bow
somebody is making a bow with some cloth.
two cows that look happy in the green pasture
the cows are standing on the green grass and eat it
two cows in a field on a still summer day are staring at something that suddenly has their attention.
there are two cow standing on the green grass, one cow is white and second is brown.
there are the cows. close-up on the one in the front. there are two brown and one white.
a brown and a white cow grazing on a farm
the beautiful village two cow seeing around us.
two cows are watching the camera as they are being filmed in the green grass in sunny weather.
two cows are in a grassy field looking at the person who is filming.
a brown and white cow steering at the video recorder.
a female  is preparing some dough and she tells that she can smell something
a woman is stirring the dough for pasta with her bare hands.
a lady is preparing dough with flour in the kitchen
a lady mixing flour and teaching how to cook.
the lady explaining the purpose of preparing a flour dough for a food recipe.
a woman is making some kind of pasta inside a glass bowl
a recipe prepared with dough and a female states that she is able to get the flavor of yeast.
a person scrapes some dough off a spoon and mixes the dough with her hands in a bowl.
a person is preparing a recipe, making a dough with her hands.
a woman kneading the dough with the help of a spoon
a big msi monitor is putting on a wooden table
a man is talking about an msi monitor which is suitable for video editing
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
sentence 1 : a person explains size of a monitor in a computer sentence 2 : that monitor size 34 inch that is available on a table
a guy describing a 35 in 5k monitor that is in a box
a man is describing a brand new flat screen tv and all it specs
on a small table and placed a box of a new tv
there is a box which shows a 34 inch 5k led television of msi brand.
a television box is on a table while a male voice comments on the product.
there is a guy is talking about a 34 inches monitor.
someone is controlling a toy tonka truck used for shoveling sand.
a man is playing with a truck and move the sand from a place to another
a person uses a yellow and black toy construction vehicle to scoop and then bulldoze sand.
jcb working in the sand
a person is playing with a toy machine and picks up some dirt and places it elsewhere.
a toy construction vehicle is maneuvered to move around dirt.
a person plays with toy contruction loader vehicle by loading and moving the sand
a yellow toy truck is being presented by a child.
he was playing with a toy backhoe.
with yellow toy excavator heap sand on the track
man in purple lighting sings and plays the piano.
a guy with a piano is singing a very infamous song
the person is standing in the room and singing.
burno mars playing a piano in a music video.
the singer bruno mars is singing and playing piano under a purple light.
bruno mars sits at the piano performing 'versace on the floor' from his current 24k magic album.
bruno mars is singing a song in a very purple room. then he starts to play the piano.
some one is watching to music in the background.
bruno mars sings a slow song while playing the piano.
a bruno mars song called versace on the floor
some puppies where one of them is yawning and others lying down.
two dogs fall asleep and one were sitting and another is walking
three cubs, one of them trying to scream.
three puppies that are sleeping on the floor. the mother passes by them.
puppies are lying on the floor of the room and one leaves after getting much air.
there are two dogs in front of the door
someone is watching a video with some dogs.
a puppy is filmed while laying on the floor, he wears a red collar and look at the camera, at the end he yawns and comes over the camera
three beige puppies resting and a bigger dog passing in front of the video.
a place full of sleeping puppies, the one in front yawns.
there is a logo of tfs entertainment
a dragon flies before turning into a logo.
there is someone watching tv movies.
an animated dragon appears flying and forms a logo.
a black colored dragon roaming around making a circle and four small stars with some black text below the dragon.
a animated dragon in black color moves around and forms a circle which has four stars and the wordings say tes entertainment.
the drogen is circle in the tfs entertainment. four star in occur in the screen.
the black dragon flew to the left then back right again before flying in circles.
a dragon circulating and forming a circle with four star inside
picture of the dragon is shown in the video and at the end name of the company is showing
one cute cat is repeating the word said by one person
a cat who gives a voice in a very pitiful tone, he is very nice
beautiful and adorable cat shouting
a little cat is looking out of the window and moewing.
man speaks words to cat that imitates sound as if he knew how to speak
a small cat seems to be stuck somehwere as it a bit anxious
a cat which is black in color is uttering something
a real cat is talking by repeating the words spoken by its owner
a cat owner talks with the cat and the cat mimics in return.
cat taking a bath and its owner repeating a word and he saying too
a boy sleeping and dreaming.
one small boy dreaming in a morning ,father tell him to wake up and brush your teeth
a funny little girl is sleeping on her bed and watching a dream in which she is getting frightened as she don't like to brush her teeth and someone is forcing her to brush her teeth.
the small kid with pink dress is sleeping on the couch.
little boy is sleeping when he starts having a nightmare
young girl sleeping and talking in her sleep about teeth.
there is a person who is shaking in their dreams.
a child is having a bad dream.  she is worrying about brushing her teeth.
a small girl gets irritated sleeping in bed
a small girl in dreams had fear about germs in tooth and cries for toothbrush.
a group of black men perform music and rap on stage.
an upclose video of two rappers with red lighting behind them.
there are a lot of black people on stage doing rapping
there are a bunch of black men on a stage performing a music event for an audience.
a man in a plaid shirt is singing at what appears to be a live concert.
some young black men wearing street clothes perform a rap on stage.
some hip hop singers are performing in a concert.
two men at a concert
a band playing in a club.  lead singer in red plaid shirt and backwards red hat
a group of guys are sing and dancing to the music.
black and white image of ricky martin and lyrics from one of his songs.
a black t shirt men singing a song
there is a description about ricky martin
ricky martin sings words of praises and gratefulness to his love one.
its a physical hewwalth program conducted by men
the lyrics of a piece of one song of ricky martin
the photo of a person with some words is displayed and a song is played in background.
music plays while lyrics show up on the screen next to images of singers.
a picture of guy with t-shirt and watch in the begining and girl with blue tops in the song title video.
singer leaning in and staring at the camera while spanish song lyrics play in the background.
a man shows the functionalities of a wardrobe with a digital screen
a person opens a small compartment of a large metal device
there is an smart door that a man is showing off.
a man is showing and explaining features of some equipment
there is a man giving advertisement for the thing in the video and he presses the button
bald white man with a glove on his left hand recording a machine through a cell phone that opens a door below when touching
a man describes about a large electronic device with storage space and toch screen options
a person open the door of almara and press the button
a salesperson showing demo of the machine to the customer
a man showing a door to a smart refrigerator in the kitchen
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a kitten with milk droplets all over its head drink milk from a glass dish
a baby cat is drinking milk from a bowl.
spotted kitten is enjoying the food kept in bowl and someone caress it.
a kitten is licking milk from a bowl.
the cute cat drinks milk from the bowl while someone pets her on her head.
small animal drinking milk while being touched by person.
a little kitten lapping milk out of a bowl so fast it has milk splashes on his head
a kitten calls milk from a bowl and fills the head with milk drops
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a woman is reporting on the deaths of many palestinians after a protest.
there is a news woman talking people are dying in gaze.
a newswoman discusses deaths that occurred during the opening of an embassy.
the action news reporter is talking while on the set.
a female news reporter speaks about current events and issues.
a cbs newswoman says 55 palestinians died monday in protesting the new us embassy in jerusalem.
drone flys in the air as it analyzes all the world over it
this women is giving us the news as it happens.
a news reporter in a black jacket talks about people dying in gaza.
anchorwoman elaine quijano begins to report about events taking place at the us embassy in jerusalem.
a black and white colour dog robot siting and rolling his eyes
song is singing in the background  and skeleton dancing
scary animated teddy bear like character sitting near a wall with a music in background.
a song is playing, a mecanical creature that is like a bunny is in the center.
a musical video with a song playing in the background and an animated bunny sitting around.
white patchwork and scary cloth rabbit with bright eyes.
an animated creature is appeared
they are showing a teddy bear with white eyes
musical video with some cartoon characters and some artifical song
some black and white color horror object is shown
showing a species of lizard.
someone playing with animals and its shouting
there is a person playing with a lizard
a person pets and holds a lizard; the lizard in the video is yellow, brown, and orange.
a hand is caressing a small reptile and in the background there are plants
there is a lizard named whalen
people petting a pet lizard, among plants where he lives
a person is just feeling a small lizard outside
this was a kid playing with different types of animails or lizards?
a person strokes his pet gecko that makes strange noises
a dog seems to get up from sound sleep
the dog sleeps on the brown floor.
a cartoon dog is waking up amid some newspapers and playing with a toy carrot.
the dog is suddenly wake up by seeing the carrot
a white cartoon 3d dog wakes up, and proceeds to wrestle a carrott in a playful and cute fashion.
small puppy playing with carrot
dog in cage atacking a toy carrot
in the video shows a dog in an old cartoon playing with a carrot
a young white puppy awakens and pounces atop an orange carrot.
there is a dog who attacks a toy carrrot.
some imagens of a tank from some diferent angles.
army tank with a soldier inside
a military vehicle,is really ready for a war with military men.
several military vehicles are shown in grassy areas.
number of heavy fighter weapons and vans are on dispaly
presentation of a battle tank and a miniature
there is pancer on the road or it is moving
one person is telling about tanker and showing it
a person go to the army van with artillery
a tanker with an army man on it is on still image.
the chicks/ducks are in the bowl, playing with the water.
two small ducks are swiming in a small glass of water with a happy music playing backwards.
two ducks are playing in water in a bowl
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
two ducklings are swimming and playing in a glass bowl of water.
1. birds are playing inside above the cup of water
two ducklings swimming in a bowl of water.
two baby ducklings playing in a pot of water
in the bowl of water two ducklings enjoying and swimming.
cutest impossible, the scene of the ducklings trying to eat the little fish and bathing after
a group of people playing with hat in the background of music
birthday party celebrated by the friends and they throw the cake each other, it displays in slow motion
a group of guys in the party and slow motion of them throw things at each other.
several costumed individuals are throwing objects at a man dressed with a crown on his head.
a song is playing while a group of young man are moving in slow motion.
many members with red green blue t shirt playing joyfully.
a lovely music with people throwing cakes and liquids each other.
teenagers are enjoying in the room and a back ground song is playing
in the room friends enjoyed the birthday party by throwing a cake.
it is video where in people are there are three to four people out of which one person is a birthday boy  and others are throwing a cake on him
there is a piece of food on a fork being dipped into a bowl of cheese.
a women with lime-coloured finger nails uses a fork to dip a chicken nugget into a cast-iron skillet full of melted cheese.
some one is preparing a dish in the bowl
a person prepares food
the food boiling a person take the spoon and kidding
a person is using a fork to dip a piece of meat into a cheesey looking dip, perhaps from a fondue pot
someone doing the cooking and dipping something with fork
a dish cook in the nonstick tawa, it looks like a gum. a fork spoon used
someone is cooking cheese in a pan, them place a fork with a piece of red food into the mixture.
a women making a food item in the kitchen
a man tries to give a speech at the ted platform with a huge audience seated.
bill gates is talking to a crowd of people for a ted talk.
a person with pink tshirt and speaking with the stadium
a tv presenter with glasses and gray hair is talking to the audience
an older man wearing eyeglasses and a pink sweater is giving a talk.
bill gates is speaking in a pink sweater
a world famous entrepreneur wearing a pink sueter giving a lecture
bill gates gives a talk at a ted conference about something.
bill gates with a pink jersey gives a ted talk
a man is talking in front of a group of people
cartoon dog lays lifeless on veterinarian table.
a dog lying on the ground badly
an animated video showing a dog try drink water
a dog is seemingly anxious and licking on water
animated dog laying on its side while a medical procedure is performed on it.
a sick dog lies in the floor.
a dog very sick hacking at the vets office.
a dog looks really sick and is dying on the ground.
a cartoon segment, probably of an anime, of a dog being revived after nearly being drown.
a laying cartoon dog begins convulsing as men talk afar about something intellectual and high brow.
a person sits in a car who relax after he saves life of his baby
a woman holding a baby and crying alongside with the baby.
a man is holding a born baby and its crying.
a person is crying with bloodstained hands while a baby also cries.
michael j. fox sits inside a car in the rain, holding a blanket as a baby cries.
the man is holding a crying baby, why trying to stop the crying.
trailer from a manâ€™s reaction to the birth of a baby
a child is crying while the guy holding him is laughing
a tearful woman sits in a dark room holding a crying baby wrapped in a white blanket.
a man holding a crying baby wrapped in a cloth
there's a person who is screaming and worried about the end.
a man looking at a bright light and talking.
a man with a metal device on his head is fearfully pleading for something to stop.
with music playing in the background, a man in a strange contraption cries out this is comfy. how will it end? stop this. please. stop!
video of a man with a strange equipment on his head and blue light
a restrained man yells out in despair of what is happening in front of him.
danger upcoming, even my eyes are shaking because of fear
this is a video excerpt from a science fiction movie.  there is a man who is restrained with his eyes open looking at something frightening with a blue glow..
confused man in blue tones with braces on his head screaming.
a guy with a strange device in his head starts to scream with fear.
a camera cuts across multiple stills of figures in the grass.
a garden with miniature colored snails and black stones
different colored snail toys placed in a green grass.
music is playing and a bunch of figurines of snails are being shown.
toy snails appear in a place with grass and soil, probably a garden.
grass area snails toys are beautiful in the garden
a video demonstrating several plastic snails of different colors.
toy snails and oreos lying on the grass.
a series of shots of colourful toy snails placed amongst a mossy background.
toy snails are shown in an anthology of fake grass and polished stone settings.
a massive ship hits a barge and loud noises are heard.
a big ship named the tacora docks in the harbor.
a tug boat named tacora ramming into a dock.
there is someone in a small boat filming a large ship that eventually crashes into a boardwalk.
a very large black and orange ocean liner is crashing into a pier or dock very loudly.
a large ship moving quickly through the water slams into a pier.
the black and red tacora ship crashes into a green steel pier platform.
a large boat approaches a dock at rapid speed as a tiny dingy boat quickly pulls back.
boat in the picture maneuvers and moves around a lot
a verylarge ship is unable to stop and crashes into a pier.
audience giving applause for the man in black dress speaking stage.
a aged person say something the another aged person laughing
two guys are speaking and people are clapping
a tv show with audience clapping before a man speaking.
two gentlemen in an interview, one with a tuxedo
two men are having a conversation.
two old men talking on an interview program
two person are talking about something and laughing
two old men in black suits are talking to each other
two old men in suit sitting on chairs talking to each other.
large paintings hanging from the wall on display.
a guide person is telling about different traditional paintings of animals
a man explains the photos of the animals with full knowledge.
a male asian man is giving his thoughts about some ancient asian picture
there are some drawing work in a museum
a man explaining about the beauty of eastern traditional building and the pencil drawings which is hanged in the wall.
in a museam a man explains an ancient animals
beautifully dawned  paper hanged above and it displayed sequencially
many modern art and the artist. he is wearing black jacket and full hand shirt also glass.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
an assuaging, fictional environment of vivid colors is shown. a central circular shape emits images.
a video is playing in the ball in a animation
some visual is the picture, and background still for natural place.
there is a rather large portal like crystal ball under the purple sky.
an animated video with a fairy tale backgroung and a stage.
an animated video with lighting in the sky and a round plate is glittering
a player in green jersey makes one run and tries to go for a second.
the mirror is colorful and wonderful  in the pic.
a animation was well made and projected in the screen.
introductory scene of an animation movie something like
dance presentation in which two young couples appear and a woman comments in the background.
a dance show program , two man and two women are dancing
two pair of ladies and gents are dancing in a stage
two professional dancer couples are dancing on the dancefloor in ornamentic dresses, while commentartos offer comments.
four dancers, two men and two women, dancing in a tv show.
two couples in white dress are dancing on dancing floor
there are chamara smack every day that and i was like that in
two couples with pink costumes dancing together on a stage in a competition.
two pairs of dancers dressed in all white perform on a stage.
two teams of dancers in white dance at drama night.
a drinking glass with water in it and purple paint added to the water.
some one poured something violet in color in to the glass
a person put the glass tumbler drop water into the glass then added  some chemical
a glass bottle been filled with water and some colorful power.
a person pours water in to a transparent glass after he pours a blue cream in to it.
a women pour the water into the glass
purple powder inserted into a glass of water. the powder solidies into purple tentacles.
the person demonstrating a science experiment by pouring water in the glass and then filling it with a solution inside the glass.
a glass being filled with water and then purple powder being poured in which turns to a different consistency.
experiment with some kind of pasta in a glass of water.
a group of singers with white outfit are singing together outside.
a black man with whit t-shirt and white background is singing a beautiful song along with his family standing behind him
man in white outfit is standing in a white pool with women in white outfit. the man then proceeds to sing in a sensual manner.
three black people dressed in white singing.
a song is playing on screen .three people can be seen in it.
some people doing some  exercises in an open area
some black men in white shirts are singing on the terrace of a white building
a person singing on the upstairs with white dress and there are 3 more persons with him.
music clip with two men and two women performing.
a guy in white sings a song and plays guitar.
a video describing how satellites work.
a young person describing what a satellite might be doing in orbit.
an arrow points to part of a satellite in the sky.
a woman explains what a satellite is made of using an illustrated cartoon.
there is a woman talking about satellites in space
the animated space craft is shown above the earth.
there's a person talking about a satellite and there is an image of a satellite on the screen.
a woman commentates over a cartoon of a satellite in space
a woman, who we do not see, is explaining what these brilliantly colored satellites on the tv do for us.
a space satellite is shown above earth, as various arrows indicate parts on it.
a man playing guitar.
a guy in white shirt and black pants is playing the guitar
the man with white shirt playing a guitar
a person is sitting on chair playing a guitar
a man is sitting in a chair and playing a guitar
a man is sitting on a chair playing guitar.
man sitting on a bench while playing the guitar.
a person in a white t-shirt is playing a guitar while seated.
a man in a white shirt is playing a guitar in an empty room.
a man sitting on a stool playing guitar with beautiful tune
some guy is explaining about his new car purchase  in the video to the customer
the specifications of a blue truck are shown. the truck itself is in pristine condition.
a blue truck with 35 black tires and a 2.5 front leveling kit.
a pickup van with lovely blue color remains in the showroom.
a blue sub is standing still on a white floor while a voice speaks.
an ad displaying a blue truck and the effects of different tires.
a person is explaining the description about the car
a new model tempo is being displayed in the showroom
a man explains old version and new version blue truck's wheel which is previously 32 and its 35 
a blue car is being presented and its written description is on the screen
a small piston set with a mechanism on the wooden plates with some screws and nodes tied.
a man hold the revalvar and has to challenge
a pistol is places on a wood and it is been holded by placing nails around it and a rope is tied to the trigger.
a man showing an experiment with hot glue gun
a gun was tied to a wooden stand and a man explaining about some challenge
person testing to see if a handgun will fire with a barrel full of glue.
a pistol is attached to a piece of wood through many screws and strings
a man is talking about hot glue in the end of a pistol that has been strapped to a board with a bunch of screws.
a man tells about the gun seen on the video and mounted on the wooden frame.
a person is experimenting hot glue inside a gun tied to a wooden structure.
a staff teach about physics
a guy is showing a oscillating pedulam.
a man is catching the pace of a pandulum
pendulum swinging and a man talking about how cool it is
there is a man describing about pendulum by showing some figure
shows a person waving a clock sideways and a green line forms
a double-pendulum is shown. fixtured light at the end of the pendulum showcases the path the pendulum takes.
a man is playing with some type of swinging device that had a glowing tip.
a video about a beautiful clock that keep going back and forth
there is a hand that is shown that is really cool because it sways on beat
a guy with black suit is talking with a reporter with lots of people gathering.
a man wearing black sweat shirt speaking to the journalist and crying
a man in black jacket telling his story to the people at roadside
a person seems to be a bit emotional addressing the gathering
a old man speaking in front of the crowd
an old man talking to a woman during a rally.
a man who is old wearing blue jacket is speaking sadly to a young lady.
a man is crying due to emotions while being interviewed by the reporter.
an arab man with blue jersey is crying while talking to the journalist about his son
a person is crying and talking about sending his son.
a man is completing a woodworking project using a drill and he puts together a few different pieces of wood.
a boy drilling the wooden box and fixed in another wooden
a man is marking something in his workshop
a person is using power tools to build a wooden box or drawer.
a man is building a square bracket using a power drill.
a man is teaching you how to use an electric drill to build a box.
a video depicting the use of a power tool being used to create a rectangular wooden structure.
a person using a drill to put screws into bits of wood to stick them together.
man constructing a box out of wood in a small shop.
a wooden box is being made by someone using driller.
there is a man with a european accent being interviewed in a shoe store that he may own.
cristiano ronaldo speaks about how grateful he is in a shoe store.
a shoe salesman behind the counter in a high end sneakers' store is saying how thankful he is of having an opportunity to work at the store.
christiano ronaldo showing appreciation to his fans in his collection room
a man is talking about shoes in front of a rack of really nice shoes.
a guy is talking about his life and every thing in his lime.
the man is standing in the shoe store and talking.
a tall man is standing up talking in a shoe store
a man standing in front of racked-up rows of shoes speaks about how grateful he is.
a wall with hundreds of athletic sneakers including nikes are in the background as a tanned guy in a blue muscle shirt talks about handing oppurtunity to someone.
a multi dance practice taking place in a basketball court.
a dancer is teaching her students how to dance
a gymnasium of people are dancing or doing a workout to music.
a guy in blue cap is dancing on stage and people dancing along with him.
master giving practice for dance to his students from a ramp.
the man is leading the fitness team with a line dance.
a man leads a group dancing class dancing to latin music.
upbeat latin music plays as a colorfully dressed crowd dances in a gymnasium.
a zumba dancing class with many people dancing
a group of people performing mexican dance.
happy and excited child jumping on the sofa to fall sitting, picks up his cell phone and smiles endlessly
child jumps over the couch to pick up the phone.
a small boy jumped in to the sofa from backside and sitting on it to watch something in his hands.
a boy in blue and white t shirt comes at back of sofa and jumps on it from there then takes a remote
a boy came running and jumped on to the couch and took the mobile from table and started looking at the phone while sitting into the couch.
boy running around the house jumps over the couch and takes his cell phone out of his pocket
boy jumps on the sofa and picks up the phone on the table
the boy is taking mobile from table.
the person is running and jumping over the couch.
a child is jumping in the sofa and seat on it and took a remote of the tv and show the remote
two persons are riding horses and one another person bringing one more horse.
trainers walk with racehorses and two are ridden by jockeys.
two people are riding brown horses and then a man in a baseball cap is guiding a brown horse by the reins.
horse with their horse riders.
two people are racing beautiful horses on a race track.
polo athletes riding their horses and a horse is guided by a man
this clip shows videos of a brown horse walking. once with a person on it and a another time with someone leading a brown horse.
they are showing us horse riding.
men are riding in horses and one men taking away horse to some place.
horses are being led around by their caretakers on a horce race course.
a man wearing black suit is speaking
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a man in a black suit is talking in a room with an american flag and  lamp.
a man in black suit talks angrily to another person.
a movie scene. an elderly white man speaks to someone who is not shown. they are talking about a vietnam war related issue.
he sat down in a chair, he was wearing a black and white suit.
a man in a balck suit is standing with a piqued look on his face
old man in a black suit is speaking with someone before him
we have an older man apparently arguing with someone else
a old man in a suit is talking to someone and looks very distressed.
a young girl with a long ponytail plays the violin for a crowd on the street.
the young child is playing the violin as she walks through the city.
a young girl skillfully plays the violin in front of a large crowd on the street.
a young girl plays violin for a crowd of people. they are outside on the street.
a young girl in pink and pony tail is playing the violin in the street.
a young girl wearing jeans and a tan top is playing the theme to titanic on a violin.
a young girl is playing a violin infront of a crowd of people
young pre-pubescent street performer, a femals busks on a cobbled road on a fiddle as a large group looks on.
a young girl playing a violin for a crown of people on a street.
a beautiful little girl with long hairs is playing a violin in crowded place where every one is admiring her and clapping for her
there are some people lessening to music and carrying a music box.
the woman is walking through the hallway with something in her hand.
there is a picture of a person carrying a large object
there's a man with a wig on and he has ponytails. he is also carrying a lot of stuff in his arms.
a person with long hair and pink clothing holding an instrument case walks down the hall.
a man dressed as a woman walking while music plays in the background.
a guy with pigtails and make up on his face walking in a room with a purse and a suitcase.
a man dressed as a woman is boarding a plane.
music plays in the background as a man dressed in drag wearing a pink sweater begins to get excited.
a man is walking and singing a song.
a villain is saying something in a movie clip.
a man with iron grilled mask saying a dialog.
a man with a mask over his face is standing in front of a white light fixture.
a shaved man wearing a mask is talking.
a man who wears a strange mask against the black background is seen speaking in a muffled voice.
the man is mask in the darker room. speech in the sad moment.
scene from the movie batman the dark knight resurfaces
a person with a terrifying look made from his nose mask.
an evil character from a movie scene doing some act.
a guy is wearing a mask on his face.
a person creatively makes a star using paper from scratch.
demonstration on how to make a star out of folded paper.
a person makes a star out of paper while music plays.
a person puts together an origami star from multiple pieces.
origami star being assembled together using 5 different pieces.
a star looking like object being made
someone is doing arts & crafts by making a star out of paper.
the person is making some sort of shape with the paper.
hands makng a shape out of paper.
some one is showing how to bake a stars with paper.
a person driving car and song running on car
some one busy in driving a car on a highway path
a person is driving a car, and only the inside of the car, including the hands and wheel are seen.
a person driving a car in a road.
driving a car on the highway
a person drives and maneuvers a honda car in a snowing location.
a person is driving a honda on a street during winter.
someone driving a car  with snow covering both sides of the road with trees and another car coming in the opposite direction
the inside of a car's black interior while the steering wheel is turning and the engine is loudly heard.
a person driving car on the street
angelina jolie in horns smiles and begins to walk away
a creepy looking lady in a black costume looking at the camera and speaking the word, welp
a lady dressed up as a witch all in black wears a dark red lipstick.
a female evil character doing some act in a movie scene.
excerpt from a maleficenta movie with her
it is a trailer of a hollywood horror movie
a horned woman steps forward and smiles.
one of the scenes from the malevolent movie
scene of angelina jolie smiling in the malefica film
angelina jolie is dressed in a costume in a movie.
a large group of cows are grazing in a green field.
a crowded bulls are moving in the grass field.
many cows are walking in the field and vehicles are running in the road
large herd of cattle walking through an open field in the middle of a city.
several cows walking together and someone filming
there is a herd of cows walking near a town.
the cowes are walking in the garden way
a very short video showing cows being herded across a green area in a town.
so many cows are walking and eating on the green land
number of cows are all walking in a group in open field
a woman singing while the choir waits to join.
an african american woman with short hair and a light purple dress sings into a microphone with a choir behind her.
a old lady is singing a song and two persons are standing behind her
short-haired black woman singing very well with people behind.
a women in white dress sing a song, other person standing backside of her in red scarf.
woman singing a beautiful praise in her church
a healthy african women in gray dress is singing a song in a very forceful way on stage.
a lady old aged having mike and singing a song twp males are standing back
a women is singing in a white dress.
a lady seems to be animated while talking to others
a man is talking about a murder near his home
an interview with a black man about dead and police shooting
a blackman wearing army design t-shirt is talking about the outrageous act of police officer killing his own wife
older man standing outside his house describing his negative interaction with police.
black man giving interview to a television channel about the death of black people
a neighbor is talking to a reporter of a media related to the deadly police shooting that happened near his house
a man is being interviewed about a shooting in a community.
a black man explaining to a reporter what happened
man being interviewed by a reporter.
a person looks to be seriosly talking to someone outside
there are some bull playing on a stage and a man training them.
a brave person committing bull circus in a circle will touch movement
the man is allowing the bulls to circle the carpet.
in a circus ring a man is forcing 4 bulls to show actions.
a bull fighter controlling four bulls in the ring with red carpet.
a man putting on a show controlling bulls.
a coach roaming with his buffalo in a pink spot
a man holding a whip is standing in a red circular platform with bulls circling him.
bulls circle in a pink bull ring in front of a crowd while the matador works with them.
four buffalo is running in stage according to a trainer instruction
a celebration in a place as people are cheering loudly
crackers burst into the sky and there is big noise
celebration with colorful and bright fires with a dark night.
a colorful fire crackers lighting up dark sky
people react to fireworks during the night sky, usually in awe. there is a noticeable reaction of children and a mother.
we see beautiful fireworks bursting at night with a crowd oooohing and ahhhing with joy!
it is celebration of firework.
a display of fireworks with voices and cheers and patriotic music in the background.
in the dark sky,crackers are bursting with twinkling stars in the sky.
fireworks go off in a large bright circle then the circle splits and fireworks go everywhere.
a person is talking about a patient who is recovering from covid-19.
a report showing a man who was sick.
a man is giving an interview, who has battled with covid 19 for 19 days, and emerged as healed.
man describing his long hospital stay and recovery from a virus.
the man was covid-19 is explained, two top lans raising new hope in covid-19 battle.
a news story about covid-19 shows a person on a gurney being moved by a team of people in white ppe suits.
a person is explaining about the patience suffering from disease
a hospitalized covid-19 patient talks about his 29-day struggle for recovery.
the covid patients are being attended and a person talks about the situation.
a snapshot of a covid19 patient is being carried by the health workers in the first part where as in the second part the patient describing the effect of being in a covid19 hospital.
girl in uniform shows military cargo plane
a lady in the airforce introducing a new aircraft
a woman dressed in military attire is talking. there is a plane in the background.
there is a woman in military clothing, speaking from an airport runway. there is an american force plane in the background.
a woman is standing in front of helicopter and speaking
a woman dressed up in military uniform tells about the new war plane.
military women  with jet on the backside talking about a celebration
a woman soldier is describing something.
a airforce officer  explaining about the international day exercise view
a woman dressed in military is talking in front of the camera and in the background there is an army jet
the cat and kitten friendly play the game
two cats are playing in the room.
two cats, an grey haired adult one and a red haired baby, are playing together.
a small brown cat trying to beat the big black cat which kicked her away with the left hand.
brave kitten decides to have a go at an adult cat. kitten gets denied.
a small cat is playing with the mother cat and mother cat pushes it down.
a small kitten attacks a large cat, who bats him away.
a small ginger cat is fighting a big black and grey cat and get knocked down.
a cute kitten is pulled gently to one side by a big cat.
we have an adult and a small cat playing at home
a boy in a pink jacket nervously talks to a girl in a red dress.
a fat boy sweating a lot talks with a girl in red dress while on the garden looking at the stars
animat3 couple  are sitting and talking to each other
two animated characters talking to each other.
a girl and boy cartoon characters talking between.
a cartoon girl tries to comfort a large cartoon man
cartoon character steven universe talking to a girl.
an animated girl wearing a red dress is sitting next to an animated guy that's sweating .
a black girl wearing a pink dress is sitting on a picnic cloth next to a white boy who wears a pink shirt and a t-shirt with a star design underneath.
a girl with black hair in a red dress talking to a boy with black hair, a pink shirt and sandals.
a man in a black blouse on a boat preparing a fishing lure.
someone in black t shirt working with yarn in his hand
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
man in black tshirt building a fish catcher hook
fishing, bait, fish, boat, nilon, hands, sea, fishing
a man is making a bait for the fish to catch them.
the men are preferred to fish net at run the boat
a fisherman tieing a small knot from fishline.
man is tie a rob with the stick in the boat
a person is tight a note with something to catch fish
a women in black dress carries a microscope  places it on table and unwindes the wire.
a girl brought a microscope placed on the table and she takes out the plug wire to start.
a women is placing microscope on the table.
a black dressing women took the microscope
a male voice tells how to properly load and turn on a microscope while a girl does what the voice says.
a woman in a black shirt getting ready to look through a microscope
a woman in black dress brought the microscope and opening its wire
a woman dressed in black is connecting a white microscope to the electrical current
woman putting a microscope on a laboratory table
a girl in a black shirt with a long dark hair is presenting a microscope in a laboratory
interesting cartoon show, even i like to watch with my kids.
a family of mickey mouse talking to each other.
this story is about micky mouse telling something
everyone sitting in front of the tv watching a horror story
mickey mouse along with his family members watches a horror movie.
in a home mikky mouse and her family are watching tv
cartoon tom some speaks with great gesture, then move on watching tv all cartoon toys
minnie mouse looks into a kitchen and talks to kids about spooky time and then they sit in front of a tv
mickey and pluto are enjoying in a colorful house.
cartoons video is uploading in you tube channel
television report where a reporter interviews a person
a cloth store owner explains how to manage the stores in this corona times.
brian williams manager of macy's reopens stores with a big changes for shopers safety comes in nbc news.
a negotiator explains how macy's will reopen after the coronavirus situation
an nbc news reporter interviewing the brian william the shop incharge.
a lady interviews a man in a public place with so much energy.
a masked female is asking questions to another masked man during a news show on tv
a man and a woman is talking both wearing mask
a reporter asks questions about what the manager of a clothes store is doing to prevent the spread of the covid-19 virus.
a woman is talking to a man in a shopping mall
a guy is riding on some thing and singing.
a man zip lining through a theme park while singing.
looks like he is ready to get off work for the weakend.
a man holds a steady cam while walking by a roller coaster.
a person is connected to a some kind of contraption and he starts to sing a song.
the man wearing a blue shirt  sings and looks around nervously while coming to the end of an amusement park ride.
the globetrotter is riding along something going backwards.
a man in a blue jacket rides along a zipline and sings.
a man signs recking ball while on a ride.
a young teeanager in blue sweatshirt hanging out at an indoor amusement park
i see two boys in a youtube video.
two boys are walking around in an open place
one of the two children were asking to like and subscribe the tutorial they were making.
a boy with green top and other one with blue top are standing on the trampoline.
two kids talking about football.
the two persons are talking about liking and subscribing a youtube video.
one of the two boys ends their tutorial and invites their viewers to subscribe to their video channel.
there is two boys are ready for a dance
two boys wearing green and blue t shirts are stood side by side and talking
two kids one is wearing green t-shirt while another is in blue t-shirt green t-shirt kids is doing some hand gestures
busy traffic crosses a tall bridge over a river. a voiceover gives inforation about the scene shown, then transitions to another image. now the clear blue yangtze river is shown surrounding a mountian, as more inforation is give by voiceover.
the yangtze river is awesome and the bridge there is heavy trafic
a large bridge is shown as a blue river is then shown
the narrator is talking about rivers in china
there is a view of the yangtze river in china.
someone is talking about the yongtez river china.
a male's voice describes the number three ranked yangtze river.
natural landscapes and their unique attributes that stand out from the rest.
the clips begins with a view of a large bridge that is frozen over, then moves to a clips of the yangtze river ariel.
there is a long bridge with many vehicles on it and water running under it
alcohol in the driks in family
unscrupulous man serves young woman alcohol drink making her drunk
video of a couple in the living room drinking wine, talking and laughing
two indian persors are drinking alcohol in a room. the woman already is under the influence of the alcohol.
a boy wearing yellow and with a bottle in his hand serves a girl who is sitting on the floor in a white dress!
a man dressed in yellow sitting on a chair serving a woman sitting on the floor
no videos shows a woman and a man having funno videos shows a woman and a man having fun
a strange guy clutching a young teenager to take advantage of her
a man and woman sharing a glass of wine together
girl sitting in ground after having a peg joyfully gives the glass to a man which is filled again for her
cutting vegetable into usable and non usable ones.
some people cut the mushroom edge's and wastage's
man peeling and chopping wood
a person cutting out the roots of edible mushrooms and placing them in a separate place.
man cuts disposable part of raw mushrooms.
a perdon is sitting snd cutting some vegetables with a scissors
man sitting using a scissor to cut roots stuck in mushrooms
person cutting some roots with scissors
a person seems to  be busy cutting on something
using scissors, a man is cutting a product that seems to be a type of mushroom
a boy baby is playing with cat in the room
an infant playing with a cat in a house.
a baby and a cat are playing with a toy.
a baby is playing with a cat and they are fighting with each other for a same toy
a baby in a full tee-shirt is playing with a white cat.
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
a baby sitting on the floor waves a mouse toy while a cat swats and bites at it.
a little baby is playing with a cat on the floor of his house.
little kid wearing bluish outfit playing with a big cat in the floor.
a baby enjoying to play cat
in a forest a girl with a t-shirt is singing a song
a girl is singing and screaming with heavy metal background music.
a girl with the long hair and tank top is talking in the woods.
a women singing a song in the outdoor
girl is singing song in forest area as sad
a woman wearing white t shirt is singing a song
woman speaking in a wood would seem
a girl with a face tattoo singing a song
a young woman with purple hair sings a pop song to the camera.
a girl in a white blouse near a forest, singing.
this was a clip from jumanji the movie starring the rock and kevin hart.
a bald man is in conversation with other people
the video shows a little of the film jumanji, very good by the way
movie characters debating the meaning of what a female character has told them.
a bald man is talking with some people and they wear a hat
a guy on wwe talking to the crowd about himself
people are gathered in a room talking about hidden clues.
a group of friends in the bar discuss if a girl likes someone in their party.
three men including vin diesel and a woman are talking with each other in a movie called jumaji
the man is saying that he wants to spend some time with the lady.
orlando bloom is standing on two sides of the screen, the left showing his character will turner in 2007, the right showing him standing infront of a lit prime video sign in 2018.
a person standing in prime video poster in 2018
a person with black coat and orlando bloom in prime videochannel
two pictures of same guy showing different years 2007 and 2018
showing the past and now appearance of an actor
a side-by-side picture of a man is shown, comparing how he looks in 2007 versus 2018.
the videos showing actor orlando bloom age difference and his character arc will turner
comparing the changes in the appearance of actor orlando bloom in 2007 and in 2018
orlando bloom is shown in two side-by-side images with an eleven year time difference.
will turner's looks in 2007 and 2018. the picture shows his transformation in a decade.
a video playing fully in youtube app in nogo
this man is having fun with live streams.
in the computer screen a mouse scroll on
a screen video recorder from a youtube channel called the nogo
man talking while looking for something on a videos site
the links to different sites are shown in the computer screen and are being explained.
a man showing a youtube channel named nogo
a man how to work  explains in the monitor
a youtube channel is showed with a list of its videos.
a persons scrolls down a youtube profile called nogo.
outside place has be playing a single person
a men in black is throwing a disk then catching.
a man is a frizby like object which returns to him.
a young boy is throwing and catching some card like thing.
a man in a black sweatshirt is tossing a disc which spins and flies back into his hands.
a boy in black playing with a compact disk by throwing it on air and caching it.
there is something flying in the air and a person is catching that thing
a man wearing black shirt plays with boomerang by enjoying the nature.
a man tosses a disc outside that comes right back to him.
a young guy with black shirt catches a leaf in his hands which fell from the tree.
people are dancing on the club with blue lights
girls are dancing on the dance floor
a dance group performs in a show
there is a lot of person dancing in the club
a group of people surrounded by a crowd, performing a dance on the floor with drum music in background.
several people dancing in unison to music under bluish purple lighting, most likely at a dance club.
a group of people dancing in front of another group
the dancers were performing in the dance competition
many men and women dancing with the music.
people are gathered together dancing. looks like a dance off.
colorful illustrations of gears are shown on this still image.
a man talking about the graphical designs of different gears.
an image of a logo and various gears with a man describing the image of three or more gears together.
a commentator tells about the graphic design while a series of gears are displayed on the screen.
a male voice is explaining that sometimes the view may come across images of gears aligned together
gear figures of different colors and sizes are presented.
there is a picture of the department of innovation and there are gears and such
a man speaks of the characteristics of an educational entity by the name of the department of innovation.
a guy is speaking about graphic design with gears.
beautiful graphic design on display from the department of innovation.
an ad for a maternity centre and a woman with a new born child  and a woman cradles the child.
a woman singing a song while showing some pictures
it is scene from a movie  where the herione sees a and go through a locker
a beautiful woman happily holding a small baby
baby, a beautiful word to hear, woman is very gorgeous while carrying a baby in her womb and also in her hand.
a woman sings as graphics switch between different shots of her holding a baby.
many women holding their babies in different ways or forms.
pictures of a pregnant woman and mother with child are shown.
a serie of photos of a woman with her baby
celebrities holding their infant children shortly after their births.
people are watching dolphin diving on the water
a large fish is coming up in a sea and then goes down
group of people in a boat impressed after seeing a whale jumping out of the water
a whale jumps out of the water and makes a splash near some people on a boat.
a whale jumping in sea near a ship and people are there
the video is about people on a boat recording a whale in the sea
a beautiful whale jumping out of the water
a whale in water is been watched by some guys who are on a boat and are talking it's photo
a huge humpback whale surfaces and dives next to a boat, soaking the onlookers!
a huge whale is breaching the surface of the sea right next to a boatload of tourists.
it is a woman talking about bats and its organ.
a woman talks while pictures are shown in front of her
an energetic, auburn haired woman describes the behaviours of bats
the woman is standing in the room explaining something as the bat is shown.
a woman explaining the physiology of bats on a science show for kids.
a woman in a pink shirt talks about bats and their bodies.
a woman in a pink shirt talks about the biology of bats.
woman looks at the screen and is very happy
a red headed woman talking about bats
a woman tells us why bats are made to hang upside-down in an eductational youtube video on bats.
a wwe suerstar holds his victory belt and celebrates
the boy boxing win to the model
a black boxer won a title and celebrating with the large audience.
a wrestler won the title and showing his band in hands, audience are shouting and cheering by showing placards.
a wwe player is standing with the belt and commentary is going on
a www champion standing and put his price in his hand
a wrestler is cheering after winning the game
in a stadium a person with winner belt and people are shouted.
there is a man that has won a championship
the wrestler is holding his wrestling belt after winning it.
the man bike drive in house up.the high speed drive to the screen.
a man wearing a suit moves dangerously on a motorcycle over the roofs of houses
a blond man on the run with a motorcycle on top of house roofs
there is a man who is riding a motorcycle on the rooftops of houses.
a man is riding motorcycle very fast and recklessly over house rooftops.
a man in a movie riding a motorcycle on top of roofs going fast!
a man is on a motor bike racing accross roofs.
there is a man with bike doing stunt.
a man in a suit is riding a motorcycle across rooftops in a city.
a man wearing suit riding motorcycle over the tops of the buildings acrobatically.
a lady is reading a news from the news channel
a news anchor talking about the show and thanking audience to watch the show.
a female broadcaster reporting the top stories.
a red-haired woman wearing a green sweater presenting a program.
a woman anchor is presenting a news from the news channel.
there is a newscaster wearing a dark grey sweater.
a woman encourages viewers to subscribe to receive the latest  cnbc videos and news information on you tube.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a tv news reader asking to watch the stories from cnbc youtube channel and to subscribe it.
a white woman in the news channel is talking about youtube
a lake with water surrounded  with big walls
a beautiful mountain view with a lake and sails
the village of roses. a touristic advertisement of this place.
a man on a beach that is surrounded by large cliffs.
video opens with a roses display that is not found anywhere in the video.
a river in the center of a rocky complex, with constructions around
a beautiful landscape of a lake amid rocks with accommodation available
a view of people relaxing near a mountain peak.
a beautiful outdoor scene from an ancient land.
the word roses appears with a logo on either side before showing a canyon area with some buildings.
a man in a black shirt and blue backpack walks through the airport and a male voice comments in the background.
a bunch of people are sitting in a college like room reading.
the man with the blue back pack was walking through the airport.
two men walking quietly through a crowd in an airport waiting area
two men with backpacks on their backs walk through the waiting area of the airport
two men walking with their backpack in a airport
two men walking through a station discussing travel.
the guy with a blue backpack is walking through the airport.
two men walking inside an airport, with many people seated.
you tube content creators ask for a thumbs up for their travel videos
a blonde child in a wetsuit films herself underwater
a cute little girl is taking videos of herself swimming under water.
a girl playing under water.
a girl in swim suit is playing in water and there is background music
girl filming herself after diving.
a girl swimming in the swimming pool
a little girl with her colorfull swimming dress is diving in a swimming pool and making her vedio
a girl falling into a huge pool and recording
little girl swimming under the water with her iphone waterproof camera
singing blonde woman with swimsuits in the pool.
woman on film singing in the rain and sitting at the foot of a tree
the singer looks very emotional while singing this song.
a woman with disheveled black hair is sitting on the ground and singing
a woman laying up against a tree singing a song.
a sad dark-haired woman sings a heartbreaking song while being soaked in the rain.
a black-haired woman sings dramatic music while sitting.
a woman in black is sad and is singing a song
a woman singing while sitting in the floor with wet hair
a woman sat on the ground speaking to someone emotionally
a girl sitting in rain and singing a song
someone is painting some thing on a desk.
a person painting with brush in some product on the table.
there's a really blue and purple cake on the table.
one girl is preparing delicious cake and another girl is singing song at the background
a particular technique of colorful art-creation is shown. loud music is heard.
someone is trying to decorate a cake while loud music is being played in the background.
a cake being decorated with a person singing.
a beautiful craft work making, very useful during lock down time pass.
an upbeat song plays as someone works on something artistic.
the person is decorating a cake with dark scenery view.
trailer: an elderly man on the background of numerous screens, a girl in black on the fighting arena
a woman talks while a man pays attention to her
a woman is talking and holding her hand up in the air.
a deep discussion between two people about an all important mission
a movieclip of a woman poorly acting out her threat to an unimpressed man.
a lady talks to a white-haired man in a machine room.
a scene from a movie, a man and two girls talking
a woman training in a closed room watched by a man in the control room
two people look on embarrassed as a girl speaks.
there is a black dressed women talking to a man
some one is garnishing the cookies in the plate
green seasoning being put in sliced potatoes dish
in the kitchen someone is seasoning a plate of potatoes
sliced baked potatoes being dressed with parsley
alot of meat in a plate, they are organize really well
potatoes were chopped and designed with flavoured
the yummy potato fries with coriander topping.
there are some potato slices on the plate and someone is garnishing them
in a kitchen someone is putting coriander on the slicing chops
this is recipe which is garnish by any hurb
there is a song that is i never met you at all
a music lyric video with a woman touching her lace in her clothes
a song is being played and its lyrics  with a girl picture is been shown
a pink background with a young woman beside it appears while a female voice sings in the background.
a girl grey colour dress loose hair standing on the girl
there is an image of a girl and there are some lyrics next to her singing voice.
brunette girl posing for the camera in this still, with the lyrcis of her song in the background.
a song by female singer is playing in the background and a poster with lady is showing with lyrics of song.
someone is listining to music on tv
a girl standing on a pink background with words written to her left and music playing.
a pan of potato wedges sit as one single potato wedge is flipped by a spatula.
a video titled anita cooks plays where a lady flip over homemade potato wedges cooking in an oven on a sheet pan.
someone talking about how long something has cooked and what to do after itâ€™s done.
a person is flipping over lots of potatoes on a tray.
there is a large amount of fries that a person is cutting up
a woman flips potato wedges with a spatula.
the person is making the french fries in the oven.
a woman uses a spatula to flip home made french fries from a baking pan.
a woman is talking about how to make bake potatoes.
learn how to make french frys like they do in a five star restaurant.
a women is showing bits of waste clothes.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a woman stirring and talking about different types of fabrics.
its a tamil speaking vedio showing some clothes.
this video has a very natural and simple footage in order to pass relevant information about fabrics
a woman looking at remnants of fabric. mainly a blue plaid print.
a person is showing various types of clothes.
a hand goes through a number of solid colored and patterned fabrics.
a man speaks in the background while items from a possible artistic experience appear.
a hand presenting several pieces of fabric in different colors and prints
a young man speak in front of the viewers, suddenly he changes his pitch
it is the laugh factory programme and the man saying some jokes to people and they laugh
a boy in black jacket having a very good humor is telling some funny jokes and making everyone to laugh
a comedian in a black leather jacket and jeans tells jokes to an audience.
a man in stage is talking to audience
stand-up show on the little stage by the young man in jeans and black jacket
a middle of the hall explining about the product with mic
there's a man. he is doing stand up comedy. he is wearing dark clothing. he looks tall.
a black dressing man speaking infront of the audience
one of the participant entertaining the viewers to make them all laugh
golf play video replay in the slow motion with end card of a player hitting.
a man is explaining the physics behind a golf swing..
a player is hitting the golf ball with a golf stick
a slow motion of the red club is hitting on the golf ball.
slow motion video of a golf ball warping as it is struck
a slow motion video of a white golf ball being hit with a red club on a fairway green.
a golf ball is shown flying through the air.
a person hit the golf ball in the golf field
a golf player is hitting the golf ball with the golf club.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the picture of a person is displayed and other person is talking about it.
an old sepia picture of a young soldier, dressed in his uniform while a mans voice talks about it.
the man is is telling a history of the young man in the picture.
photo of a young guy in military uniform from the second world
a picture of a man is shown with background voice over
history and bravery of the great soldiers in world war.
some guy is explaining about a jet when it is landing on the helipad
old man in an outfit that appears to be military
there is photo of a person and they telling about him
soldier probably from the second world war with his uniform of the time, guaranteed in photo part of the history of this massacre that encompassed the whole world
a men singing a song and moving a game player
a minecraft music video parody with bats.
an animation video is playing with a song in background
a cardboard box cartoon man is looking and walking and some red lights were watching him.
a man was some box is life for the head and walking
a box man in the cartoon series to explain
cartoon character of boy scared of ghost eyes appeared in wall ceiling
the animated character is looking and walking with music playing in background.
the man is wearing a wooden mask looks scary
musical video with minecraft characters and a song
the cat enjoyed to press the lighting bobbles
animated puppy playing on the red surface
a cat jumb and watching something
this is the one type of childrens gaming.
a little black cartoon cat is pouncing on something on the dark red ground.
in the cartoon with red background a black creature jump and catch the bubble.
an animated kids video where pearls are coming from the shell
an animation video of a jumping black dog is playing
a bizarre creature attempts to collect purple orbs in a fictional setting.
how to train your dragon animation movie scene showing the young dragon
a lady hugs her little boy with emotional face and sings a song.
a lady hugs a child while a witch sings a song.
a woman hugs a child and another woman appears singing a fantasy song.
a woman is singing a song in a musical play.
a woman hugging a kid, then another woman starts singing someone needs to shield u from the world
a woman hugging her son and singing very sadly
there are a group of kids that are getting hugged
this a clip from a musical starring merl streep.
a woman has hugs a little boy and then a woman dressed in white sola appears
there is a woman who hugs another person and starts singing.
a man is digging through the ground in a video game
an electronic game, where a character digs a hole in the grass.
a man is steaming live while playing the minecraft game.
a gamer describing how to play the game.
its a part of the game where the player is digging the hole and collecting the dust.
a person playing a game which he is playing first time. the game may be making clean and collecting dust.
a person with black t-shirt is playing some digging game by wearing over the ear headphones.
a boy plays minecraft while his image comes out on the right talking
a video of a gamer describing what his character is doing whilst playing minecraft.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
three guys playing guitar and singing on the mic.
3 boys are playing guitar in a very rocking way and one boy who is in front is singing a song
music video - three guys play the guitars, one of them sings
three men are playing guitar preforming a song on a colorful background
a man in black is singing and playing guitar and enjoying
a man singing post-punk into a microphone while two men play guitar and base in background.
three men are playing guitars while one of the three men whom is up front wearing a plated burgany shirt sings into the microphone in front of him as well.
a rock star is singing a song and he has two backup guitar players in the background.
the person with guitar and microphone is singing and playing music.
3 person is singing performance and also playing guitar same time
a person holding a magic cube with his hands on a table.
manâ€™s hands show how to correctly assemble a classic rubik's cube
hands with a rubik's cube on a marble background
an unfinished rubik's cube on a marble table
a man teaching how to solve a magic cube.
a person showing and instructing how to solve rubik's cube
a demonstration by a man of how to complete the rubiks cube.
a man talking about tricks to play with rubik's cube.
a man talks about how to solve a rubik cube which you see in front of him
a guy is talking and sowing how to solve a four by four rubik's cube.
the lady cries while the man reads the intent story for her.
an older woman is on a talk show and begins to tear up
a lady on hearing someone speech, crying and clear water in her eyes.
the person talk to in front of the lady and she is feel something
listening to the audio of a man talking about how wonderful the woman on stage is
people on dr.phil, one is talking about how their experience with the other was about true love.
a woman with glasses and red hair starts to cry while a man starts talking.
african american woman listening to comments and starts crying.
a slightly sad and almost crying woman being interviewed.
a lady with red hair  is on the dr. phil show crying while talking to her loved ones.
a brunette woman wearing black clothes is sorting and talking
a girl talking with very angry she wearing white color dress.
the two lady taking the suite case
a woman in a black shirt is talking
a television program talking about a woman's professional life.
a girl with long hair, a suitcase, she is with her friend in a cafe
a woman explaining a role change at the company away.
a woman takes about how someone in a company is stepping down.
a young woman describes about the features of a luggage.
a lady with long hair and black top is talking while showing other two girls smiling.
a man dressed klikje the 19th century style shaves another man and he is helped by a little girl
classic barber dressed in blue shaving with blonde assistant.
its a barbar shop, he will speaking and shave to the person, the lady is watching.
a person in blue dress slitting throat of a person wearing red cloth and girl watching it
the actors are putting a very good play at the community theater.
excerpt from a historical musical where a hairdresser sings a song while shaving a client
saloon a man is taking her face hair by ecperts
barber in ornamentic clothes shaves a man in the barber shop.
a man with some weird blue cloths starts waving his hands around.
a man is shaving someone beard in a very horrible way an a girl is sitting with him whio is getting scared from his behavior
gordan ramsay cutting a loaf of meat with a sharp knife in his cookery show.
famous british chef ramsay cuts the bread or burger into pieces to cook a dish.
a person is cutting a cake like object with triangle shape into small pieces.
someone is slicing the meat calmly and precisely
the chef or cook cutting the meat in regular sliced type by using sharp knife and looks like too yummy.
the person is cooking a gordan ramsay and cutting.
a person is slicing through a chunk of meat with a knife.
a guy is chopping meat on a chopping board made of metal
a close up view of a  food item  being held in one hand ant cut with a knife from a  gordon ramsay cooking program
a hand is slicing into a beef wellingotn with a knife and holding it steady.
a singer singing a song while standing in the middle of a field
a female musician singing the whitney huston song i will always love you.
a blonde woman in a white dress sings inside a wheat platform
open places singing song about the nature of a tree
the female standing in the middle of a farm field is singing a song.
a woman and man singing a country duet in a field outdoors.
young lady is singing a song in a outdoor with a man
a lady in costly dress stands with a man playing guitar and sing a song.
there is a woman who is singing in a field and the sun is setting.
some girl is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
some music is going on and one group is dancing and everybody is watching
music plays as group of people start to enjoy a live rock concert.
there are some girls and they are dancing and enjoying
nirvana plays their smash single smells like teen spirit in the high school gym.
in a movie shooting spot , songs with dances has been recorded.
start of a video clip with girls from a support group
the first seconds of the nirvana song smells like teen spirit. a shoe is shown from the audience, as it is tapping away at the intro riff, then the camera pans to the band.
they are all group dancing with some action and enjoyed
a guy is tapping his leg and playing guitar while few girls are cheering the people sitting on chairs.
a song played in the background with a boy tapping his foot to the beat
a boy in a red jacket is showing a boulevard having cars
car race explain this person
a man wearing red pullover explains the car model in the show room.
a person explaining  with others about car garage and walking towards a car.
a man walking in car showroom describes race cars varieties
a person with red tshirt and he is in car showroom and explain the car details
a man showing a formula 1 car show
and where we have some pretty literally source was sudden with the thought cars am
its a big race car show room and a guy is showing the cars.
a man in a burgundy hoodie walks by yellow formula cars.
there were yellow and black cars in decreasing size.
a group of people yellow cars of different sizes.
the two children playing the sports car.
one by one the yellew car become small . finally a bacon and eggs are on the floor
a race composed of a super car, a cart, a toy car for children to sit and a remote control car, all yellow.
yellow cars of different sizes take off one after the other
it is an extrordinary video to explain the essential consumption of products like petrol etc. it was a beautiful idea
comparison of the same cars but of different sizes and the fuel of these cars.
a big yellow spot yellow car is shown, upon it appears the phrase fulled by petrol. after that appears other three yellow cars appears and each of them is smaller than the previous one.
a different sizes of yellow cars, from large to really small, pull away
a dude in white showing his new trainers and a spray
a man in a white shirt holds up a white shoe, then picks up a bottle and a brush.
there is a person describing the features of sneakers
a man in white has three objects in his hand, a sneaker, a small box and something similar to a spray.
a white t-shirt man is showing how to keep your white sneakers clean
a person is explaining something holding some object
a man in white shirt is talking about his sneakers
a guy is showing a sneaker and some cleaning products
a man having some bottle and shoe then explain about it
the man is doing a tutorial on how to clean his shoes
two women are sitting and splitting a water
2 girls drinking cocktails outdoors while sitting on patio furniture. both girls spit out their cocktails as the words don't choose the wrong cocktail flash on the screen.
there are two women's showing the results of choosing wrong cocktail
a voiceover introduces the don't choose the wrong cocktail challenge, while 2 women in tank tops in a comedic fashion what would happen if they choose the wrong cocktail.
a person talks about a challenge and a scene where two girls are feeling firstly.
two girls are drinking in wine and face is having sadness
two female on show demonstrating  cocktails.
two beautiful girls drinking from the glass and spitting it out in funny manner.
the beautiful ladies drinking a cocktail and spitting out immediately due to bad taste of cocktail. after a mean while that two ladies are thinking about the wrong selection of the cocktail.
two women with  blue and pink tops are drinking and spitting the drink and thinking about to choose the right cocktail drinks
a person sitting the car and seeing the small dinosaur in the forest
a kind of dinosaur grunting at a boy in a jeep
a poorly computer generated dinosaur threatens the occupant of a vehicle.
a different and terrific creature with tail and different big head threatens a lady who is sitting in her jeep in the forest.
two people in a safari car are paralyzed while a mini dinosaur is standing at the wheel.
a woman wearing a hat saw a dinosaur while in her vehicle.
one creature creating horrible sound
a little boy with cow hat on his head is getting terrfied by watching a dinosaur in front of him
the girl video shoot in animal.the animal face zoom out
a creature that looks like a small dinosaur yells and shakes its head as a young red headed child sits as far back as possible out of fear.
cartoon family in a car singing about driving while driving.
a boy and girl are enjoying the rides outside
in the cartoon a family of parents and two child riding in the blue car.
a family is driving down the road in a blue car singing a song.
couple are driving in a car in the sunny weather. children are seated in the back seat.
two childrens is sleeping, and parents is driving and singing
a man and a woman are driving in the car and singing a song
an animated couple with kids is singing while driving a car.
a cartoon couple is on the front seat of the car singing the song and two kids are sleeping on the back seat.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a long haired guy with glasses is walking over the bridge of a big city singing and carrying a guitar case.
lost my way song a man in shirt and tie walks down a bridge and sings while holding a guiter in a guiter case.
a man in a white shirt is walking across a bridge and singing.
a man in cream shirt with stripe tie singing on the road
a man walks across a bridge in a city, singing a song, holding a guitar case.
a man with long hair, a beard, and glasses walks across a bridge while singing.
some one is watching a music video with a guy wear a white shirt.
a man in the white tshirt walks across a nice bridge.
long haired man in white shirt and tie walking and singing across a bridge with a city scape in the background.
a  guy with long hair and a tie walking and talking with a guitar in his hands.
a singer with a singing microphone, a guitarist and a drummer
a band performing in a video.
a person is singing with other memebrs playing instruments
a guy is singing a song
a band sings a song
rob thomas sings into a microphone while his bandmates play in the background.
a man is singing a song in front of mike and they play guitar and drums
a guy is singing and many musical players around him are playing their instruments.
music clip in black and white colors composed of men
one man  is singing and other play music
panning shot of a palatial structure within a video game
castle mounted within a game being shown in detail
an animated castle is being shown with some suspenseful music in the background.
a screen recording of a game is playing
video from a computer game, a castle assembled from multi-colored cubes
a minecraft video shows a large player built structure, while ominous music is playing.
a big minecraft house with a lot of green tree blocks and a main entrance with stairs.
exterior of a castle and its gardens in the video game minecraft
oh it was look like palace in a gameplays and it is so beautifull and i liked it very much
there is a minecraft video game style building with trees all around it and on top of it.
a young man is jumping on a trampoline in the middle of the nature
a peron jumping on a trampoline in the outdoor.
a man is jumping up and down on a tramboline and explains how difficult the sport is
jump the rubber one and play for the boy good one feel.
in a garden ,there is a round black color table like form.in which a man is doing some gymnastics.
tall white male wearing gray hoodie and dark green shorts jumping in a trampoline and doing back-flips
guy jumping on trampoline trying to teach how to do back flips
a man jumbing over the sheet in outside
man showcases various trick jumps on a trambuline.
a man is jumping on a trampoline and doing lots of flips.
in a room, many people over there, some standing, sitting, smoking, drinking, and playing guitar.
the video shows that some members were playing violin.
two members are using the guitar instrument
someone looking through glasses into a crowd of people nad one person is singing.
excerpt from a music video with a crowd of people in some place
romantic video clip. the patrons of a pub are shown, while a person plays a guitar at the table.
two eye holes are wandering around and bringing different people into view.
guys in a room singing a song about loving a woman
music clip shows several people and a man playing the guitar.
a man is engaged in playing guitar as others are busy talking
a white t shirt women playing football in the ground
women are playing foot ball in the stadium
a player girl raising her hands and walking
the player runs and sits down and raises her hand in the ground.
it is a football match where a player in white t-shirt shows some action.
a lady football player in white outfit is playing football match with large audience.
football player with hair up and with a garter around her head, wearing a white uniform walking and running on the football field with green lawn then appears lying on the floor and raising her arms with a sign of complaint then smiles and shakes her head negatively and get up
a commentator doing commentary of a football game.
a lot of girls are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
a women's soccer match where a player is complaining about a foul.
a scene from a cartoon where a baby takes a tin of paint and splashes the camera with it
purple drink throws paint on the screen forming some letters at the end.
a cartoon character is splashing blue paint towards the camera
cartoon showing animals throwing blue paint in places.
a baby shoots purple paint in the screem.
report about stores with closed doors and a small number of protesters at the end of the video
a colourful cartoon character is pouring some colourful liquid in its head.
beautifully animated with color splash to show the logo the adverticement.
animation from the cartoon series, the muppet babies, featuring baby monster.
a cartoon character took a paint bucket and trow the paint which spread all over a red and yellow circles drawn on that
a group of people are dancing and one person is singing and dancing
a boy wearing a red bow tie singing and dancing in a music video.
a group of boys were making a dance practice
a music video featuring several dancing teenage boys.  a boy in the foreground wearing a gray suit and red bowtie is singing.
a young man dressed in a grey suit with black bow tie sings pop music with six variously dressed young men dancing and singing backup.
a person sing song the other person perform the dance
south korean singer dressed as a detective sings in his music video
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
kpop clip with a lead singer and several dancers behind him in matching outfits except the singer
young korean males singing and dancing in a music video at night.
a nice cheese cake with some honey on top
it is scene from grey's anatomy and  the doctors  are discussing about someone
two thick pancakes with pads of butter are sitting on a white plate. one pancake, then the other are drizzled with syrup.
honey toppings added to a bread delicacy with cheese toppings.
two bread and cheese honey on the plate
someone is pouring syrup on a pancake
someone pours natural syrup over the pancakes and it is nice
we are seeing piece of cake, cheese and honey.
there is two cricle pancakes on a white plate with two butters and syrup gets put on them.
syrup is poured onto two very thick looking pancakes, each with a pat of butter already on top.
a man wearing a jacket looking outside the window
a man in a room is talking to a woman in a movie.
a man in a long black coat walks across the room and looks out the window.
a man is talking to someone in the room and peeps outside the window.
there is a man in the room and he is looking through a door
a man in a black leather coat is walking towards the window and look out and then to the right.
a man talking to himself in a room looking here and there.
a man walks towards a window and looks out it.
a man talks to a woman as he looks out the window of a building.
a guy in long black coat walked towarded a window and looked out of it.
a tiger is seen in the forest .a documentary is being played.a zebra is also seen.
two zebra ruining for life while a lion try to catch them
a lion is scouting an area. big vistas of the sahara is seen.
a lioness is standing in the forest and watching the zebras running around.
a female lion running on a field in the african sabana
a lion is about to hunt some zebras.
a lion in a field stands and stares, then a pride appears.
a jaguar watching something savanna vegetation group of jaguars preparing to ambush running serfs and a zebra
a wildlife sanctuary scene showing a lot of animals roaming around.
a lion looking a zeebra for hunting in the forest
a man wearing red t-shirt and black pants describing something about tiles.
the person wearing red t-shirt is holding a wooden flooring piece in hand and dropping it down.
a man in a red t-shirt with black on the sleeves, in a bathroom with a piece of vinyl plank flooring in his hands.
a man in a red shirt and black pants inside a bathroom doing some tutorial with a brown board in his hands.
man in red short explains his tile selection strategies in the living room.
a man on his knees in a red shirt with black sleeves, black pants and ready shoes, he is showing how resistant a piece of wood is that he holds in his hand!
a man throws a tile on the bathroom f
a man is beginning to show up how to remodel your floor with vinyl planks.
a man kneel down in bathroom floor and explains about wood piece by putting it down.
a man explains and talks about the matt of from the toilet.
french prisoners marched to the gallows under guard by soldiers.
a group of chained prisoners walk down a stone road with their heads down.
a line of prisoners march in front of armed troops as their crimes are read out loud.
people are captured by armed soldiers in uniform.
some one is watching a movie of some kind.
a line of dirty people are led to gallows.
a line of people walk onto a gallows platform for a public hanging.
there are a bunch of guards hoarding a bunch of prisoners and there's a person with a hat reading something.
there is a line of people marching and they are really sad looking
soldiers are marching a line of prisoners to the gallows.
big theatre hall with red and blue chairs and stage
some guy is explaining in a foreign language about a auditoriam
the theater auditorium with seats is visible and a person is talking about it.
an overview description of stadium look.
a great hall with red seats and blue cartons which is fully decorated and man is giving is giving voice over
environment with several red chairs lined up and divided by corridors with a gray ceiling with several lamps and a stage with blue curtains in the background and the side walls with blue tiles drawing on the wall
a hall showing with a large number of red colured chairs
a large auditorium with lot of empty chairs and the decorated stage is shown
in this  place one of the auditorium.
a man standing in a stage with empty audience is wishing all in arabic language.
a man quickly draws a dinosaur with a black sharpie on a white background.
an animated dinosaur runs onto the screen before blending into the background, and a hand comes in the frame and draws it with a permanent marker.
dinosaur gets drawn with sharpie marker at a really fast rate
someon is drawing a dinosuar by hand .
a person is teaching us how to draw a dinosaur.
a person is drawing a picture of a dinosaur.
someone drawing a resembling image of a certain animal
someone is trying to picture of a dinosaur
a hand draws a dinosaur very quickly with a marker
there is a person who does a quick sketch a small looking dinosaur.
a person is skating someone clear the doubt
a person falls off the roller skater in the hall with fellow player and a dog.
the two persons one of the person is giving training to the boy whois geeting training to skating.
two men and two dogs at a skate park where one of them is trying to balance himself on a roller
man creating his own skating board and try to run on it.
this is a clip of some guys skateboarding and talking while they have their dogs around.
a man in a white shirt jumps on some custom made skateboard device.
two guys are trying to use a muscle roller as a skateboard and his little dog is there
two guys  one with red t-shirt and the other with red t-shirt practising skating and two dogs are near by.
a young man trying to skate on an equipment in an indoor ground jumps out and his pet dogs runs around him.
a large ship sailing on the water which is near to the building area
come and visit the city of love on the water ways. learn on how yoiu can vist venice today?
boat taking several person down a river
a motorized tour boat and a gondola are passing along the canals of venice.
i do what would it today the left and explored the canal surprise treasure said
a tourist ship shaped like bus is sailing in the water streams of venice as a male voice describes its beauty
various boats anchored and one passing under a bridge
a large white boat with people drives through a tunnel.
a ship is moving on water and a person  is explaining  about the ship
a promotional spot about the canals of venice, italy. the canal itself is shown in the video.
a person pizza cutting in two pieces
a person cutting a sandwich in half and then prodding one half with a fork.
some one is cutting the ham & cheese  sandwitch.
a woman is cutting a sandwich with a knife
a bread with ham and cheese is cut in half with a knife and then handled by a fork.
someone is cutting a sandwich with a knife.
a person is cutting a sandwich with knife and checking with fork.
ham and cheese sandwich being cut with background music
in a kitchen,someone is slicing a bread carefully with other breads on the desk
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man playing the guitar and singing with a band at a musical concert.
a musical group performs a song with guitars in old costumes.
a group of musicians are on stage playing instruments.
a band onstage playing country music in front of an audience.
while an audience watches, a man sings with his band and plays the guitar along with other band members who are playing instruments.
artists make a musical presentation and animate their audience.
guys singing in a group playing guitar and singing along
group of musicians play a song with instruments and a man sings.
the team or orchestra performing on the stage and many persons watching.
some person playing guitar and sing the song inthe stage permonance
a person with a protective glove and cap handles eggs in a factory.
a man wearing mask and glove in his hand arranging egg box one by one
in the egg store a shopkeeper is displaying the eggs on the table from the red big egg basket.
someone is packing a lots of eggs on a tray.
a person is collecting eggs from baskets and putting them on the table
a guy wearing grey t-shirt ,mask and gloves takes the egg from the red basket and places it on a table .
a man is moving eggs around from a crate
a man worried about the corona virus hard at work
a person wearing a mask is moving eggs from a crate to a table.
a man is transferring  eggs trays from crate to the table.
players are playing foot ball in the statdium
commentator who comments on some goals scored
a football player hit the ball into the goal post
ceremony of a women's football championship, with parts of the moments of the match.
footballers are scoring the goals and celebrating the winning.
news report of a soccer game for usa womens world cup.
a man is talking while soccer game scenes are playing.
ladies football match trophy presentation and highlights of the match between white and blue jersey.
women's football team celebrating and showing highlights of goals
different performances of team usa during the women's world cup.
a black pickup truck driving at night just hit another car.
two person is car driving and they are some speaking and laughing
some men are laughing while playing a video game with cars.
we see a game from a video game called gta in an online game
video game character gets on a car and falls down while the streamers laugh in background.
a pickup truck is driving recklessly at night.
a car is moving fast in a road during night time
two guys are in a conversation about a part in their online game and laughing by seeing a player in the video falling down from a car.
some people enjoy playing a video game
the car racing, two persons are speaking and laughing.
all people are in exhibition very busy, one woman is marketing their product
a playground where you can see many cheerful people playing
a lady wearing blue dress calling the attention of people to her business who are gathered in the public place.
lots of people are moving around in a market place
a crowd of people in an amusement park
the people crowd to the this area. shopping to the all people.
there are many people walking here and there, one women in gray shirt shouting for attract the peoples.
a young women with a pony tail is trying to attract the customers towards her but no one is watching her or even coming towards her stall
men in large market
its a croud hall, the lady was someone speking.and all persons going.
a view of the night sky and several planets while some is singing the names of the planets.
a song about the planets in the dark space including pluto.
the newly dscovered dwarf planets are all smiling except pluto.
five planets, talking the names of all of them.
the animated solar planets are singing a song.
in the planets 3d shape design to speak
a variety of planets and moons sing and talk in accordance to a song.
an animation video with different planets
the planets are moving and singing song
a number of dwarf planets appear in a starry sky, along with a song
a boy playing with guitar and sing the song
three different views of a man playing a guitar.
three different angles of a white man playing a red guitar on a blue background.
a man playing and strumming with rhythm on a guitar.
a man with black shirt play guitar
white man with a black t-shirt playing a musical instrument
a man is holding a guitar and playing
the person playing a song in his brown guitar
a man showing how to play guitar.
a man in black dress is playing a musical instrument.
sentence 1: some army dogs killed so many opposite members in a war
animated dogs in a cartoon are released by army soldiers.
excerpt from a cartoon with dogs and military in the north
the animated clip has soldiers standing next to a truck with k9 soldiers exiting it.
three dogs jump off a truck surrounded by soldiers and look towards the wilderness.
some dogs jump from the back of a truck in a snowy environment with military personnel.
a man and is talking to soldiers and dogs.
cartoon showing dogs being released and a group of soldiers soon after.
there are some animals and some boys are talking
an animated movie is playing which has animals in it.
an old woman holding banana in her hands
description about the poor person
a lady taking a banana bunch and a man eating and doing other daily activities.
several scenes of people in their daily life, a woman getting bananas, a man eating, and a man watering his garden.
an elderly woman takes a bunch of bananas, a man eats quickly on a plate and a woman appears to be washing something.
shirtless man makes his meal and water his plants
there's a lady who takes a bunch of bananas from the door.
the old woman is holding is banana in her hand and the boy is watering the plants.
i culture made that i do it
sequence of scenes portraiting the daily lives of a white man of middle age
drawing of a red dinosaur called carnotaurus on a white background canvas
a cartoon animated red horned carnotaurus roars loudly to the audience.
drawing of a red dinosaur called carnotaurus and a dinosaur noise appears.
the roar of dinosour which could be that of the red dinosour depicted which is known as a carnotaurus.
coronatourus is standing with open mouth
dinosaurs , red in color with his mouth wide open.
a brown color huge lizard with text below that
a carnotaurus is demonstrated by a graphical image with a roaring noise.
it is a red dinosaur with the word cornotaurus written in red too, along with the song of the dinosaur.
a reddish dinosaur is standing still with a white background.
a person is biking down the road, except he is going in the wrong direction of the cars.
a person in a long sleeved red and black shirt rides a bike through a busy intersection.
a person riding a bike headed towards traffic as cars move to avoid him.
this person is going down the road on his bike with a bike cam.
the person was riding on their bike through the street.
there is a video or a guy riding a bike in the road.
a person in a red plaid shirt rides a bike very quickly
someone riding a bicycle into traffic nearly being hit by a car.
there is a guy on the bicycle that goes to the crosswalk
a man in red plaid shirt is riding a scooter in the street.
an instagram video talking about a hair cut style.
young man at the hairdresser after a haircut with a fresh haircut
a man is filming another man who has just got a fresh haircut
in the hair cut saloon a boy covered with black curtain upto the neck and a lady explain about it.
a guy is posing for his hair style in a barberâ€™s hairdressing cutting gown.
a young boy in grey carttoon picture tshirt sitting and watching something very seriously
a man standing, someone is talking around
a man in a hairdressing apron is sitting while his haircut is recorded
a man shows the result of his haircut while a person in the background comments.
a man in black is sitting with a sober face.
a gamer with red top is playing minecraft with the character walking around.
a red colored t shirt man speaking in the game
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the game character is walking and jumping while the streamer talks.
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner
a man commentary for a nice animated video clip.
he is playing the robot gaming on computer.
a boy is teaching how to play game
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the boy is explaining about the game.
ducklings move out of the bucket they are in, get to their mom and jump out of a small hole
in a bucket there is a bunch of ducks
bird chicks coming out of their nest and following their mother while a song is playing.
some baby birds and their mother coming out of a container and then trying to fly.
baby ducks are learning how to fly
a bird takes care of its young until it can learn to fly.
a bucket full of baby ducks on a balcony follow their mother.
a number of new born baby birds leave the nest along with their mother.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
poultry house - little ducklings walk around their house near their mother and try to fly
in a baking tray  four muffin cups are placed.batter is poured .
someone is putting yummy icecream in ice-cream cups by the help of scoop
a paper form is filled with scoops of vanilla ice cream.
there are some cupcake wrappers and then a person puts a scoop of filling in it.
a person putting scoops of ice cream in cups.
a man holding a steel scoop in his right hand is serving ice cream in 4 plastic cups kept on table with red table spread cloth.
a hand is scopping some type of batter into little cups placed in a red tray.
there are four white cup filled with ice cream
a person is puttong on some food to each of the bowls
the video shows sweets being glued into a shape
a woman dressed in read is asking questions about freeze dried coffee.
a woman wearing a red outfit asks why a man named julio likes freeze-dried coffee.
a woman is talking about freeze dried coffee.
there is a deep conversation on freeze dried coffee
a woman with a red outfit talks about someone named julio.
a woman wearing a red button up jacket giving a speech to a group of people.
a woman in red discusses freeze dried coffee in front of a group.
there is a lady with a red outfit and she is talking about freeze dried coffee.
a woman in a red dress gives a talk about why julio thinks freeze dried coffee tastes excellent even though it doesn't.
a woman is talking to a group of people about coffee.
bats flying during the sunset and a person is talking about it.
some girl explaining nature situation and we can also see a beautiful sunset
its the evening clouds are flowing very fast and the bats can be seen flying
an introduction about bat is going on.
an image of day passing quickly until nightfall in a forest
in this video we can see a forest and a woman talking about british bats
documentary about the life of bats in nature, when the sun falls and the night begins, they leave trees and caves to feed
a nature video is played with female voice over
a title was played in a natural sky and trees
cloud is moving very naturally and the birds fly
a woman wearing a blue dress is in conversation with a man.
in dr phill show,a woman mention about a man who followed the same tactics to her mother to fell guilty by questing them.
there is a women talking with another person in black suite in a studio.
a woman responds to the questions asked by a person who sits opposite to her.
two persons are speaking to online news
a lady talks to a media person with lots of expressions in her face
a woman with curly hair is talking to dr. phil.
a women wearing blue shirt expressing her views on a talk show.
a woman and man is talking with each other who are in a studio
a lady with blue top and nice curly hair is sitting and talking to the presenter.
a teacher dressing a pink social shirt inside a classroom asking the students about different kinds of sauces.
a class by a bald professor in a light pink shirt, talking and interrogating students
a classroom where a bald headed teacher teaching students with lot of articles around.
the male teacher in a peach shirt teaching his middle school class.
teacher having  teach the students
a man is walking in a class and talking to kids.
a teacher in a classroom is teaching his students.
a lecturer asking question while getting getting answers from students.
class was conducted by staff about science and technology
a teacher in class asked students.he said sugar,backing soda and what else.one of students said vinaigre the teacher said yes.author one said ketchup and the teacher said no
there is a man who talks about the most deadly spiders.
a video giving knowledge about various spider
a particularly lethal spider is shown. a top 10 list of most dangerous spiers is announced in the video.
display of a spider in a materia of a television channel on poison spiders
a spider in a dark place with writing being displayed over the top.
a man is commentating about spiders, as a spider is crawling.
a man explains about top ten most venomous spiders in the world
a spider is seen coming down from some trees in the dark.
a person telling about most venomous spiders in the world with spider in picture.
displaying a spider which is considered to be one of the most venomous spiders in the world
a girl in a blue bathing suit swims underwater and smiles
a woman in a blue swimsuit swims toward the camera underwater.
a girl is swimming forward underwater in a pool.
a woman also floats while floating underwater and bubbles of water
beautiful girl jumping into the blue swimming pool and dive into the deep
a girl in a blue bathing suit is swimming underwater in a pool.
the women swimming the swimming pool.
a girl with long hair and blue swimming suit is swimming in the pool.
a girl in blue bikini is swimming  and a video was taken inside the water pool
a woman is swimming across a pool under water in a blue bathing suit.
there is a four door refrigerator compressor demo
in a kitchen, a mechanical component of a fridge is being shown up close of how it works.
a fridge from the company lg appears and is shown with its features
lg is giving working demo of invertor linear compressor of refridgerator.
refrigerator in a kitchen and showing how it's compressor works
the working function of a lg refrigerator is shown
showcasing a fridge with 10 year part warranty
explanation of a lg brand refrigerator working in a 3d representation
a grey fridge in the kitchen has very powerful engine that lasts for at least ten years.
the refrigerator video is shows how it works internally.
a little girl in a white shirt talking to an adult
a black woman shows a sign of displeasure and talks to teacher
a girl speak something to the men
an african origin girl is talking to a caucasian man wit tattooed hands
a middle-aged man is talking to a teenager.
she telling man she frist needs to check the calendar for the time of delivery.
a black woman in a white shirt and a red vest is talking to a white man in a gray shirt
a girl with curly hair was talking to the man, who has flower tattoo in his hand.
asking a question to this little girl and she answering.
a young girl with black curly hair is responding to an adult man with tattoos on his arms in a classroom.
the person speak to video
man explaining science concepts about isotopes in a library.
a guy in blue t-shirt explaining about the atomic models and isotopes.
a person with blue tshirt and telling isotopos topic in someother person
a man in dark blue t-shirt sitting on a reading room explains about isotopes.
a man in black sits and explains isotopes.
a young man dressed in a blue shirt explains about the isotopes
a clean shaved young man sitting with atom models in the inset and talking.
a person with blue colour t.shirt is telling something
there is a person who is talking about atoms in from of a bookshelf.
two women at home, one answers the phone and the other watches the conversation
a girl answered the phone and talked and the talking to to her mother in front of her
a hindi film dialogue between a mother and a daughter.
two women talking and one talking on the cell phone.
mom and her daughter arranging foods on dining table where after daugther attends a call, mother scolds her
there is women take a phone and call to some one
in a dining table, one girl speaking mobile phone another old lady scolding the girl
mom and daughter calling someone she is taking their some one.
this is  a clip from bollywood movie.
one girl is going near to dining table while she got call from some one . she talking with him. once done her mother is asking something to her.
it's a video song in which romantic scene of a man and women
chinese romantic song is heard. a couple is sharing moments of explicit sentimentalism. the man gives the woman a kiss on the cheek.
there are one women in white jacket and one person in purpal jacket kissing on chik a women.
two people are holding hands and embracing while music plays.
a woman wearing a pink coat comforts a sad man with long hair.
there is a love song with a man and a woman and the man kisses the woman
a woman is looking at a man while music plays, they kiss later.
her man is kissing the lady in the music video
a romatic scene between a man and a woman . the man gives a kiss to the woman
an asian man hugs and kisses and holds the hand of an attractive asian female.
a woman is introducing some new fancy toys.
there is watching a video with some kind or toys.
the person was shown grabbing the phone and papers.
a person picking out materials for an arts and crafts project.
there is a girl who says some words and then points at a small shopping cart with candy in it. then there is a person with an iphone and some colorful paper.
a nice picture of a hand and a phone is shown and appreciated
a woman's voice declares a choice to be good.
she is showing people how to make the bset placement with figurine.
several packaged objects are shown then a phone case and two yellow objects are then shown.
a female voice plays as she touches a fake, paper candy before the scene switches to holding a phone case.
a boy in white shirt is doing window shopping at a store and confused about something.
people are shopping and checking out at a store while mellow music plays.
a lot of people shopping in a kind of indian shop
a group of customers are shopping in a shop and a staff with blue top is helping them.
this video shows several people in a pharmacy, and a clerk attending a customer
a n employee of a super market dressed in blue t-shirt is busy billing the goods collected from the store by various customers
people are buying stuffs from a grocery store and giving it to the cashier at check out.
its a super market where lots of people are purchasing and some people are billing.
a family shops together in a store and then checks out
people buying goods in a mall and a guy generating bill.
two people are singing on stage with their arms on each other in front of an audience.
there is a man and a lady singing song in front of the crowd
a man in a black suit and a blonde woman on a stage singing to a large audience
a person puts their hands around a woman and start singing together.
one lady and one man are singing and everybody listening them
a man and women singer in black colored clothes singing a song on the stage in front of audiences.
two people are performing in front of a huge crowd
dolly parton and kenny rogers singing a song to an audience.
a man and a woman are singing a song on a stage in front of a crowd.
kenny rogers and dolly parton are performing their hit song, islands in the stream.
a black dog moving around living area and women in black dress is laughing
the boy and girl is laughing with their dog
a woman is a man laughing at the dog.
ther iis a family in the living room having a facetime with a friend.
laughter is heard as a man appears to be hidden behind a bookcase, hiding from his dog.
a girl is seeing in her webcam that a man menace his dog and she is laughing.
a guy and a lady is talking and laughing on video calling.
a dog trying to find it's owner behind a sofa.
woman wearing a black blouse is laughing
the black dog is walking and the other person is laughing.
a boy with curly hairs and black jacket is playing a guitar and singing a song on a stage
the song which has been sung by the man was very nice
musical performance by a rock band.
the singer is singing a song.
a man with long hair is singing and playing guitar at a concer
a person is singing along with playing guitar.
a man is singing a non breaking long voice followed by a guitar music is being played
a person singing with guitar.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a man is singing a song and another man is playing a guitar
a sports event, on which a committee greets the team members of a particular team.
girls are being congratulated at an awards ceremony.
a group of women in volleyball uniforms accepting an award on stage.
female soccer players embrace dignitaries in black and receive their medals in an awards ceremony.
loud music playing while the us women's national soccer team receives awards.
the scenario is receptiom and introduction of players .
some female soccer players receiving medals after a soccer match.
winning team on stage and rewarded with medal and handshake
there is a group of players ready to perform in the ground
a group of women in football outfits on a red stage.
in this video we can see a man making a reflexion about life
a man in a blue button down shirt is standing in front of red, pink and black squares.
a man is talking about what to do with yourself.
a gray-haired middle-aged man wearing a blue shirt speaks in a scenario with black with red cubes huddled in the background.
a man who is giving a motivational speech.
a man on the stage wearing a blue shirt gives a motivational speech.
presentation of a robert wildner television program with a beautiful setting
a blue shirt motivational speaker talking about how to keep life happy and healthy.
a motivational speaker talking about happiness in life.
a middle age man in blue shirt is conducting a session about life
documentary narrates photo of elderly couple in panama.
two gentlemen a woman in a white blouse and a man in a wine blouse
the grand father and grand mother are laughing in front of the video.
a picture is showing a couple and a person is telling a story about them
a british news report about a story about a man on woman on holidays.
a couple photo is being showed and some other person is explaining  about them
two old couples smiling on a photo in front of a building
a couple is posing for a photograph in panama
two old people happily posing to the camera
there is a couple, man in chocolate shirt and a women in white top standing closely and smiling.
a staging in the theater.
a musical play with some people singing seen from above.
people are practicing for a theater play.
so many guys are performing in a theater with artificial smokes.
a group of peoples performing in the music competition in front of many peoples
a group of artists performing on the stage in the theatre.
the men are doing a stage play as the music plays.
a musical play, in this scene people are doing physical labour.
many people are seriously working on something under lights
a group of men singing on a stage with a snowy background and light blue fog
a woman and a certain man in a conversation
some one is watching a video and a girl is talking about cutting her hair.
a short-haired woman explains how and why she cut her hair.
a pre-pubscent girl with mascara on and a shaved head holding a doll explains to a teenage boy why she cut her hair so short.
a child gave themselves a bad haircut and is explaining what happened to another child.
a girl sitting half under a table talks to a man.
a kid in pink shirt is speaking from next to a table
the woman under the table is sitting there talking to the man.
a girl in black and pink outfit near a table talks to another person while holding a doll in her left hand
a young girl has fallen on the ground and explains to a boy that she was trying to trim her shoes down and could not get them even.
a guy is taking measurement of a  cannon and trying to make it.
a guy is taking measurements of a cannon because he wants to build one similar.
there is a canon on a grassy area and a man is taking measurements of it
a man measuring a cannon and describing that he is taking measurements of said cannon.
a guy measuring a cannon with a tape measure and talking about how he has to determine how big of a cannon he can make
guy taking detail measurements of a old cannon in order to make new one.
a man in a cap measures the parts of an ancient gun
a man with a white shirt takes the measurements of a green cannon
a man takes measurements of an antique cannon.
man in a bone and blue t-shirt taking measurements of an old cannon
a man narrates over a scene of a bunch of sea lions and penguins.
a men is talking about the penguins on the island.
many penguins are on the land waddling around together
different types of animals in an island
a narrator explaining an epic island of penguins and other sea animals.
penguins are on a shore
a rookery of penguins stand around on a rocky beach
a camera pans across a beach filled with penguins and walruses.
there are many seals and thousands of penguins on the rocky beach.  the sound of the waves can be heard over the seals and penguins on the beach.
the man is filming the penguins and seals on the sunny day.
a person in simple robes is starting a small red motorcycle on the dirt floor.
the girl starts pulling bike and can't start
a person is trying to start a red mini motorcycle
trying to start small red bike
a women in pink tshirt trying to start small red colour bike in a garden.
a woman is cranking up a child's sized motercrycle.
a boy with dark hair and sandals is turning on his small red motorcycle
person trying to start child size red color motorcycle
a woman slowly pulls the starter cord on a red child-size motorcycle.
the person is bike in the hand red. the tire in black.
a men showing a ice cube like substance in his hand
a person grabs a transparent rock and walks across the river bank.
in a river side a stone been explained very nicely
blue gloved man shows transparent stone in pond under running water.
he found a rock near the river it is showing.
white stones were under the seaside of waters its georgious
someone wearing a wet, blue glove is showing a mineral or precious stone that they picked up from the water of a nearby stream.
there is a hand that holds a rock and then the person walks along the path.
one person one touches in water with a telescope
a man collects crystals from a river with a blue glove
men holding placards and a man in blue and another in yellow in the math ground.
the person with blue jersey got first position in a wrestling championship and he is enjoying his winning moment.
wrestling competitors are lining up to a photo-op. a bantamweight competitor is shown.
4 people stand with their heads down, then a man wearing a wrestling singlet walks around with his fists raised.
a group of men are standing with newspapers in their hands showing some article.
people hang the board for his fan in the stage
few guys in the indoor stadium encouraging their favorite wrestler by showing the flex boards in their hands.
people standing with placards and a guy is standing with his arms up.
the competition won the award.
this is a scene where it seems wrestlers are probably competeing.
some potato chips on black fry pan with a fork and a pink colored spoon to steer.
someone in the kitchen teaching through video with speech how to leave the potato in the right spot when done in the frying pan
a close up of potatoes being cooked in a pan while someone is talking about how to cook them while she stirs them around with a fork slightly.
a women frying the potato pieces in the kitchen
a video showing a recipe
a person frying and stirring potatoes in pieces in a pan.
american style of using a fork adopts more of a pen-like hold
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a lady is frying potato and giving informaion about its texture and color
a girl is cooking potatoes and letting those potatoes cooked to golden brown in color
a player for the team in violet scores a goal during a soccer game.
football palyer in the ground
a footballer wearing the blue t-shirt scores a goal
number of foot ball players are engaged in a foot ball match
a soccer player in a blue uniform kicked a soccer ball past the goalie into the net during a professional game on field.
a football game is being played with an announcer calling a goal for cristiano ronaldo.
players are playing foot ball in the statdium
the blue soccer team works the ball down the field and a blue player kicks the ball into the net beyond the white goal keeper.
two teams are playing football tournament in nissan.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a man is planting rose roots into a pot.
the people had a planting tree.
a guy with blue top is planting the rose in the put with soil.
a man with a plant in a pot
the small tree is launced to the man
a man demonstrates how to plant a new rose bush from a cutting in a starter pot and soil.
a man is showing what a rose bush looks like in a pot.
a man took the plant up and talking about it
a person pushes dirt into a small pot with a tiny plant in it.
a person on the sand ground putting on the plants put in the pot
a teacher is discussing about icp to the student
a female doctor discusses the normal measurement of inter cranial pressure standing in front of a diagram.
white woman is talking about smart ways to boost iq function
a woman describing inter cranial pressure with a background illustration.
a lady doctor in white lab cloth teaching about icp
a woman wearing a  purple shirt under a white blazer begins to describe increased intracranial pressure using a  diagram on a whiteboard.
a woman stands in front of a poster while explaining academic terminology.
a woman explains facts about icp or inter-cranial pressure.
a doctor explains to the audience what icp with some notes and graphs in the whiteboard behind her.
a woman in a white dust coat teaches from content she had written on a white board behind her.
an african american and caucasian woman talking about travel luggage features.
excerpt from the program about suitcases with two girls - one host, one guest
a blond woman is talking to a brunette woman in a studio.
there are two womens standing and talking
two well dressed ladies are standing with luggage bags and having a chat.
the blonde woman wearing a blue shirt discusses luggage with a woman wearing a grey shirt.
a lady explaining how to open the trolley bag to another lady.
a lady explains about the suitcase to another lady in a media channel.
two women talking on the tv show city line
two women talking about travel bags of different colors.
a man with white boiler suit and black cap on his head brings a table with some pieces on it.
man moves a table with paint on it the center of the room as he plans out his next steps in his art project.
a man is trauling a table and he is a painter.
a person in white colour dress with full of dirty pushing one table from one place to another place
man in dirty apron pushing a wheeled table
a man in cream colour dress is dragging a table with different small tools.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a man in paint-smeared overalls and a black cap pushes a counter.
an elderly black man moves a table with several tiny pieces on the surface and several boxes below in a white room
a man pushing a tablet with pieces of something on top of it
a man with an english accent critiques a grilled cheese sandwich that is below his standards.
a boy explanation  this bread
a man eating the bread in the street
a man is commenting a piece of toasted bread with cheese.
a man is talking about the cheese in the bread
a person is explaining about bread cheese sandwich while eating
the man with the white t-shirt is examining a toasted bread and talking about it.
a man is reviewing  the sandwich.
a man is talking about a toasted cheese sandwich.
a man in pink t-shirt had a bite of sandwich and showing crunchiness of sandwich
a little boy is driving him and his sister in a pink vehicle made for children.
two young children back up a pink kids bus.
two young children back up a pink toy bus on a sidewalk.
little boy and girl backing out of driveway in their little pink car
two children back down the driveway in a pink toy van.
a boy and girl having a ride in their toy car
the pink car rides across the driveway
a girl is driving her toy car, reversing onto the sidewalk.
two young kids back out a driveway in a pink toy car.
the children are riding in the pink play bus.
four people, man and woman and two girls. man and woman are talking on late coming matter.
there is a black girl talking to the camera with her kids
a women and a men standing with their children
a healthy argument is happening between a white t-shirt guy and women.
a man is pointing out to his wife and saying something
man with black woman and two children talking.
a man and a woman two children performing.
a person speaking with women and children and shes is argument in person
a family with a man and wife and two kids
woman takes her children to a photo shoot. the photographer complains that the woman is late.
a futuristic sleep capsule is demonstrated by an asian woman.
the lady is show she sleeps in a space capsule.
a young girl with only a white shirt is showing her card for bio metric and going inside a caravan
a woman wearing white dress has entered the room and pressed a switch
an asian woman dressed in white is opening a pod
the person with white dress is opening the door and getting inside.
presentation of a futuristic sleep camera
a woman in a white shirt holds a card and enters a rest capsule
a woman wearing a white night gown gets inside a futuristic looking pod, which has a bed inside.
it is showing women entering into a dorm and clicking on some button
people are laughing and clapping in a live group chat show
in video conference there are twenty five peoples meet in single screen and enjoy the moments
many persons like womens and mens clapping and do a action with hands
a group of people clapping and doing some exercise in a con-call.
a group of people are clapping in a video call
a lot of people are streaming a movement together on the internet.
a group of people on a video call clapping
there are 25 people in the video from different places and all of them are making an appreciation  by clapping hands
group of people are clapping their hand over a video call.
several people, men and women clap and make synchronized movements for a camera.
a person wearing black shirt and performing stage.
a man with red hair, a red shirt, and a blue jean jacket is standing on stage and speaking into a microphone.
the boys speaking on the stage
young boy wearing denim jacket speaking into the microphone in front of a panel with lights on an auditorium program.
a young boy introduces himself in a talent show, and gains the approval of the audience.
presentation of the participant of a realite show about new talents
a young man is introducing himself on stage in front of a microphone.
a man in a navy blue jacket is performing to the audience and judges.
there is a pale man with blonde hair and dark clothes standing in front of a blue screen.
young boy speaking into microphone at a freshmen show.
pack of young children running towards the lens of an old camera.
video editing is very creative and arouses curiosity to keep watching
family walking through the woods then pans out into a drum
on the street in the evening boys are running
couple of people running
young people are walking toward the viewer with a sunrise in the background.
a group of people run through a field in front of a beam of light as leaves fall from a tree. the focus zooms out and the scene is being projected onto a drum being hit with drum sticks.
from behind a tree a family is walking along a path, among giraffes, as a drum beats.
behind a tree, there are some people who are marching out and there is a beating drum.
a child running ahead of his family in a green leafy vegetation.
there is a woman in pink dress  is talking about the children
sentence 1: a woman is being interviewed about a rocket attack in gaza.
a muslim woman standing in her home with depressed husband and daughter talking to media person.
a beautiful woman in a pink hijab talks with news interviewer.
a young woman wearing a pink scarf covering her head is giving an interview. two people are standing in the background.
muslim woman in gaza speaking with two people in the background
one muslim girl is about something in her language
1. in a itv news channel,  interviewer asked a lady some questions 2. she informed when the first rocket hit all are tereified and running screeming looking their childrens and adults
there is an older woman who is talking to a news reporter in a different language.
the scene of a soap opera where there is a woman in a muslim rose and a man and child behind a soap opera scene inside a house
a bald man in a dark red shirt plays the drums while three other men play other instruments in the background.
bald man playing drums with another in black shirt holding a guitar in the background
a band with a man playing the drums and two others playing guitars.
bald man plays the cymbols and drums another man plays guiter.
a man is playing drums in what likes to be a warm-up to a concert then other man in the band starts playing the guitar.
some guys are practising their musical instruments around them.
a bald man is playing drums behind to other members of a band playing guitars.
a man started to beat a drum box and other one started to play a guitar.
good music from gitar and drums from troops of music party
a band starts to play a song. the drummer is bald, and wears a reddish shirt.
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
two teams are hitting each other while playing in the ground
man put a goal to win the match at the end
two teams are playing rugby and one team winning one point.
the rugby player are fighting for the ball and trying to catch the person with the ball
the men in red and the men in white are playing each other
a team in yellow and red outfit and other one in white and orange outfit are playing rugby together.
the players are playing rugby in the stadium and a man made a goal
fragment from an american football game with attack moment with music
many players in brown and white t-shirts are playing rugby game and the referee is watching them play
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
bald man talking to someone who doesn't appear in the picture
a person with fair skin and in black shirt is addressing few people
fragment from a fantastic movie about space
a white man with short hair and a black blouse talking.
a man wearing black dress is speaking
a dark brown hair man talking angrily
a guy in black suit talks angrily to someone.
someone is speaking in spanish ant the guy on the screen.
a white, middle-aged man with brown hair and big ears in a room, speaking a foreign language.
a man in black with a walking stick walks across the street.
a person with black court and black cap and walking with stick in roadside
a guy is playing golf
a handsome man deeply thinking about something and a background music is playing.
a old man with a cap is walking on the rpad
a blind black guy wearing black glasses and hat tell a story.
a man in black clothes, wearing a hat and glasses, cries and holds a cane while walking
a black blind old guy wearing glass  talking about his feeling
old age eyeless man walking throuth with her stick on the roadside
a blind man commenting on his life.
black and white images of a group of people leaving a car train
a political event in black and white
there are a lot of people who are walking out of a lot of cars.
a huge line of car is parked in a ground and people are walking toward front.
an old video showing cars and people walking
a funeral service for a someone of great imporance.
a man wearing black long coat is having some discussion with a cop on the road as cars are parked and the road is crowded with people
some people are walking on the road and there is a voice in the background of video
cars are parked in a line as some people are walking, while others are standing.
an old movie where there are mutiple people and there few cars and few people are getting down the car
a man with a bow tie greets a woman in a yellow dress in the office
an old man in black and white suit is expressing his apologies to a women in front of another old man who is also in black and white suit.
an old man in a tuxedo talking to a woman in a movie.
a man shaking hand with a lady
we can see two older men dressed formally asking forgiveness from someone unknown
the movie is girl boy and the romantic on the place.
two guys with black suits are in the room and old guy is talking to the lady with yellow dress.
there are two men in black suit and a lady, one of the men is apologising to the lady
the man with the black suit is talking with the woman.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
there is ahotel with many customers
a women is talking about a restaurant.
display of a store while a lady talks about restaurants
a hotel with lot of people are moving around with dinning arrangements for dinner
woman narrating about a restaurant's menu, and several people pass through the establishment.
there is screen shot of panning across a restaurant, that is being evaluated on its menu.
a big size mall been shown and the people are moving around.
one girl is explaining about the best things in the menu
shooting a large store with shelves, buyers
the lady was shouting about the menu details to a man
the home screen of a website displaying an advertisement for stardew valley
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a person is moving a yellow circular cursor over a website tabs.
a composition or screen recording about a website. a rocket appears.
this is an illustration of how to navigate this website.
a screen recording of a website page is there and the cursor is moving
a view of a computer screen with a rocket ship on the screen.
the steam store webpage being loaded and interacted with.
a tutorial to learn how to install steam from the internet
presentation of some site with summer sale on it and rocket as symbol
the visual to the some animal move the land.
a polar bear is walking on the  snow and watching
a specie penguin taking care of the baby
mother penquin gives training to the newborn chicks to walk in snow
penguin chick walking with difficulty between the legs of another adult
a baby penguin clutches closely to the side of its parent as they slide along the ice.
in this video we can see a little penguin with his mother
chick inside a penguin with a woman comementing
an adult penguin carrying its baby
a baby penguin is being cared for by his parents.
a group of horses run on a dirt track during a race.
a horse race involving war admiral at what appears to be churchill down's
horse race in the ground
horseback riders race down the track towards the finish line.
in a race course 12 horses are riding by the rider and the anchor specifically says about the one leading.
horse race is going on and someone is doing commentry from background
race horses and their riders are going around a track with thousands of spectators looking on.
a horse race of 13 horses running around a race track.
multiple horses race on a dirt track during a televised event.
a professional horse racing in a fully packed horse racing stadium.
some type of creature is sloating in water and flapping what looks like wings.
a white color cute fish is swimming inside the jar containing little amount of water.
a deep sea fish that looks like an angel is flapping it's wings while music is playing.
there is a strange animal that is flapping its sides and swimming.
an object is floating inside the water bottle and background music is playing
a small strange white and tan creature floats around.
dance of beautiful fish.
a translucent sea creature swims up and down in an aquarium.
a white fish swimming in a container with a background music
some type of water creature is floating in a bag of water
a person is pasting gums in the sticks and five sticks are there
person teaching how to use boxes
a person is putting gum on a match box from one of the five boxes.
a person puts glue on an object called hum tum while calming music plays in the background.
a person applying gum on the back of a matches box.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
somebody applying glue to a match box
this was an instructional video on using glue and match boxes.
this person is showing us how to use glue art.
a person is applying glue to five multi-colored matchboxes.
a man in a white shirt and red bow tie is singing emotional, rhythmic music.
the man wearing a white shirt with a red bow tie  sings sam cooke's classic 'a change is gonna come'.
a man wearing a white shirt & red bow tie singing.
a man in a red bow tie sings a song with band accompaniment.
a man in a white shirt and red bow tie singing on a stage into a microphone with back up singers behind him.
a man in white shirt is singing
a man in a white shirt sings to a crowd in front of him and a band behind him
a man leading a congregation in singing a song
a man wearing a white top sings passionately into a microphone in front of an audience.
a man in a longsleeved white button shirt and red bow tie sings into a microphone with several woman singers and musicians around him.
there are two person standing with two cars, one is red colour and one is white colour.
two men are talking next to red and white colored sports cars
two mens explains about the two cars model with red and white colour
two men are having a conversation.
two men are standing in front of a red ferrari and a white ferrari talking about them.
two men talking about two cars, one red and one white
two men, one in black tshirt and another in white shirt are talking about cars besides them.
two men comparing and describing two different models of cars.
two persons are describing the feature of fiat cars
the car guys compare and contrast two models of ferrari.
one propagating where there are many beautiful women, as models
five hot women of the musical group fifth harmony are dressed in short skirts and black tops as their own music is played over the graphic.
there are five girls in black dresses and they are ready to sing.
five women in high heels in a lyric music video
screenshot of the music group fifth harmony with the intro music to a song.
women in black singing a song
5 girls who dressing black , it shows  fifty harmony now here.
this advertisement for five members for smart looking.
hot girls are possing for a hot photo shoot with back ground music.
a music album video of ladies showing its name of lyric-ens
a song at dark room
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the lyrics of the song are displayed with some special effects.
the camera is panning through a dimly lit room
musical video with some cartoon characters and a song
cartoon network program the lights are getting on and off
a screen recording of a game is playing
a man is playing a game over phone
a song playing in an animated series.
an animated kids picture with lot of toys in a room
a dog named duke trying to be friend with the goat but was kicked off.
a cartoon of a goat kicking an animal
a big lion comes near a water stream banked both sides by greenery, trees and beautiful nature, finds a goat and tries to attack it but the goat gives a big kick
an animated goat eat grass by the river, a dog comes up to him and sniffs his butt, the goat kicks it away.
a dog hits a goat and the goat kicks it in return.
an animated dog character named duke gets kicked by a goat.
a dog talks to a goat and is kicked by it
cartoon cat is greeting a goat in a pristine nature environment. sunny weather.
cartoon clip showing a cartoon character disturbing another character
there's a dog that talks to a goat and the goat kicks the dog.
a  girl child is kissing her working mother with love and joyful.
a mom in farm giving permission for her daughter for outing  accepting a kind kiss as a token of love
a girl says goodbye to her mother, they are dressed in clothes from another era
a mother that is wearing an orange shirt and a beige head scarf receives a kiss on the cheek from her daughter while carrying a basket.
a little girl kisses her mom and leaves somewhere.
a girl is showing her love for her mother.
a mother and girl playing in garden, a girl kissing her mother's cheeks
a mother allowing her daughter to go out and girl kissing her mother
a mother tells her kid that she can go play but she must not be gone all day.
the girl kiss to the lady, and affection the love, the girl is very heappy.
someone is looking at a video of sarah collage of alan
a male voice speaks while a screen shows pictures of a couple.
a man is talking about and showing pictures of sarah's collages of alan.
in a college function stage, slide show is running about college
a man describing the collage of pictures of a person name alan.
a man talking about a bunch of pictures on a wall.
dr phil speaks about sarahâ€™s collage of alan.
dr. phil is talking about collages made by sarah.
a snippet from dr. phil's show showing sarah's collages of alan.
sarah created a collage of photos of alan.
spongebob and patrick are in pajamas and patrick runs in the sky towards the sun
one joker leaves the earth and jumps into the moon and the other sits
the number twelve is shown between a brown screen
sponge bob and patrick are doing something in a cartoon.
a man explaining the animated series ranking
the clip shows a cartoon film with spongebob and another character running away while a narrator describes it.
bob squarepants characters chatting and one of them runs into the light.
big man stands with his friend suddenly running towards the moon.
a person discussing an episode of sponge bob square pants.
peter from spongebob squarepants makes a successful run for the sun.
several foods are processed in a factory. they seems anchovies.
conveyor with some pieces of bacon and a person picking them up
a paper with some brown design is passing on
its a process to make some food in factory.the food was rolling in the package
pieces of bacon are being manufactured in a factory as it makes it way down a conveyer belt.
ten pieces of bacon on a rolling carpet in an industrial process
some food factory visuals of conveyor belt
a man is moving strips of meat on a conveyor belt
some bacon stripes are running over a treadmill in a factory.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a man in grey color shirt is playing drums for an energetic song.
a man with short blond hairs is playing drums.
a man with shirt and tie on is playing the drums with the music on.
a white man is playing drums for a song
there is a person playing instruments with stick in blue shirt.
a drums player was very well played to the perfection.
a man with white shirt a blue tie playing the drums in a music show.
the person is playing drums on the stage for a song.
clip showing a drummer's performances.
a person is singing a song and playing a drum
two women talking in a closet with some pieces of clothing behind them.
a woman in a striped blouse and another in a pink blazer are chatting in front of the open closet.
a woman in a white and black striped shirt is talking to a woman with a pink overcorat.
a woman talking to another woman inside the cupboard
one girl is talking and then second girl is answering to her
two blonde women discuss things outside of a closet.
a women in stripped shirt has converstation with other women in red suit near the wardobe.
two women talking in front of the closet
a lady is talking to another lady by the side of a shelf full of dress arranged.
a blonde women leaning on a door is talking to another blonde women.
there is a close of a cell and there are things that are moving.
a drawing or miscroscope view of moving organisms is seen while a man talks about them.
structures called to create a vortex that brings other microorganisms or food particles to the cell mouth
a cell structure in green color and nerve like part moves together touching each other.
two creatures float around while surrounded by circular fungi.
it is a microscopic view of an organism that explains their physiology
an expert is explaining a cell biology concept while a microscopic image is displayed.
microscopic view of the behavior of certain micro-organisms is seen.
a group of microscopic filter feeders move slowly and then contract.
it is scene from a movie  where the herione sees a and go through a locker
in a rugby match the backing player defends an attempt by the opposite team.
a play in american football and touchdown.
rugby players are playing a match in a open ground
the players are playing in the football ground in front of people
the patriots quarterback throws the ball to his running back who throws it to a receiver in the end zone for a touchdown.
two football teams play against one another, with one team scoring a touchdown.
an american football team successfully scores a touchdown.
american football player makes a touchdown
there are so many people playing
the video shows a football match
an equipe of medicals are doing a specifical intervent.
it is being shown an operation room with many doctors
the doctors and their assistance work in the operation theatre
all docters attend the operation, and try to save the person
some surgery going many doctors and nurses working in this
video from the operating room where three surgeons perform surgery
time-elapsa is shown of an operation taking place in an operating theatre.
surgeons are into operating someone in operation room
doctors and nurses work on a patient in a hospital room.
a surgery is being perform with a patient laying on the table.  the video has been sped up.
a man in black shirt talking holding a guitar with the strap over his shoulder.
a musician sitting and holding music instrument
a man wearing a black shirt with a brown guitar talks.
a person with black tshirt and speaking the someone person and in our hand in guitar
man seated on a couch holding a guitar describing a digitech whammy device for tunning a guitar
a man wearing black t-shirt sitting on the couch holding a guitar
a young man sitting in the couch with a guitar is talking.
there is a person with a guitar who is talking about different types of guitars.
the man sitting on the chair and speak to the violin
the man is playing the guitar according to audience preference.
driving away from the biker was a little white car.
a man is talking to the person in the car
two people with bicycles near them, one of them talking to someone inside the car, the car gets out and the person keeps talking.
a car in the right corner and a man by it side, there is a bike on the ground
in the road man cycle fall down and woman standing with cycle beside the car. the white car start to move later on.
two bicycle riders are communicating something with a person inside a white car.
two cyclists with their bikes on the floor are on the street near a white car, one of the cyclists is arguing with the driver of the white car.
you want to sort of get that point across so
the person is talking with a person in the white car and the car started moving.
two cyclists talking to someone inside a white car
a female voice talking about islands around the world.
a sky view of a greenly and rocky island and the reporter explaining about the inhabited islands it's market.
a woman is talking about uninhibited island in the world
a part of an island with rocks and shrubs.
woman talks about islands around the world.
a huge hill is present near the sea and there are many trees and shrubs in it. a female is voice over is given.
a woman is talking about an island and the island is very green
a scenic view of a cliff panning to a grassy area with a narrator talking about the availability of such a location
overview drone footage of a section of woods and field
shooting from above a beautiful green area with a highway
a candle light in the black can on the table with lots of cans around it.
a lady talking about a candle and its flame and how it will affect the customers.
a woman is talking in the background about the flame in a candle.
a candle is lighting in room
some girl explaining  how the lighing candle in the is gonna be problem for the customers
a candle is burning on the table and mobile camera stand is there on the table
the video candle on fire.
the flame of fire in a can and near other three cans
a candle is burning inside a black cylindrical container.
inside room black tins were kept and in one tin flames litter.
a man is walking down a sidewalk near a fence-like structure.
a man with backpack on his back walks outside the fence
a man walking on the field behind the fence
a man with a white t-shirt and black jacket is walking on the street near a fence
a person with blue jacket man saw herself on road side
a man is walking on the road
in the video we see a man alone walking on the street
a black man is filmed while walking in front of an enclosed courtyard
a man is walking on the other side of fence.
a man is walking across the fence and a person talking in the background.
a dog and a baby are playing on the floor and the baby tumbles backward.
baby in pink outfit gets accidentally taken down by a dog, to the amusement of the mother.
man and woman have fun to see a baby playing with a dog
baby playing with dog and being pushed over by dog
cachorro brincando com bebÃª a derruba no tapete.
one child is playing with dog and laughing
a very nice dog playing with a baby in pink
a dog is playing with small child in open area
a dog knocks over while playing, and the toddler laughs.
a dog and a little cute baby are playing together in a room and doing funny acts on which a woman is laughing in a hilarious way.
its a war scene ,bomb blast,firing and soldiers are fighting.
in a devastated urban area, soldiers are attacking one another with artillery, machine guns, tanks and automatic rifles.
this was a clip from an old war possibly one of the world wars.
an old grainy scene of war with bombs going off and military men running with guns.
war images with bombings and tanks destroying houses
in this video we can see a video about first or second war
people are running holding weapons and there is fire.
soldeirs fighting during war with their artilery and machine guns.
heavy bombing and shooting are occurring during the war in the city.
narrating scenes of war.
a woman with brands and a white apron drops some butter into a bowl.
a lady is cooking something and explaining it
a brunette woman is inserting butter into a bowl.
female in a kitchen giving recipe directions
a women in a apron put softened butter into bowl.
a woman with black tshirt is making the cake and putting the butter in vessels
a woman puts a good portion of butter in a bowl with flour
woman in black clothes and white apron making recipe in the kitchen
a women in kitchen adding butter to the flour in a vessel.
in a kitchen, a young woman with brown hair, wearing an apron plops some butter into a mixing bowl with a powder ingredient.
a brown fox with white fur on the legs is running fast in the woods.
a dog is running across a forest floor, whilst a man narrates.
a wolf is running in the forest while someone commenting behind the screen
a fox is running qickly on the ground
some guy is explaining wild animal running around and doing hunting
a fox running in the forest
a fox is running in the wild where dry leaves are on the ground.
a hyena is running in the woods while a person is talking in the background.
a brown color animal running in forest
the dog run fast away in the forest
five women in different colored clothes dancing on a stage.
5 women with colorful clothing presenting a number on monocycles
there is a performance of five girls wearing different colored dresses riding unicycle having pots on there heads and hands .
five women in suits of different colors balance
five girls in colorful outfits dancing on a pole while peddling
five young girls in bright dresses and hats perform in sync on unicycles with asian music in the background.
five asians dancing in unicycle balancing a bowl on their head.
five girls dancing on single wheel cycle in circus.
traditional chinese music is playing, while showgirls do a performance.
in a stage 5 members dancing with a colorful dress
doctors and nurses are spending their leisure time chatting.
it is scene from grey's anatomy and  the doctors  are discussing about someone
there are group of the doctor making fun while talking
a nurse in blue is saying something to his doctor
there is a group of female and male doctors are sitting and talking together happily.
eleven doctors, eight are standing and three are sitting in a room together. they are wearing either scrubs or doctors coats. there are six females and five males. there are giant xrays of te human body on the walls
some doctors were dressed in blue scrubs, while others were in white lab coats, were assembled together.  the ten female and male doctors stood in a room with gigantic pictures of x-rays.
cast of the series grey's anatomy gathered and dressed as doctors in a white space.
short video of a photo shoot with grey's anatomy actors
a female doctor in blue dress with long, blond hair smilingly tries to answer some query from her associates
two men in black dress are playing guitar and one of them is singing also
a person with black dressing playing a guitar and singing a song in mick
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a singer is playing an easy-listening song in an acoustic performance.
singer in black dress is sitting on a chair and singing and playing guitar
unplugged concert of a famous band is shown. the frontman sings in a mellow tone.
a man with black tshirt singing and playing his guitar
two guys are singing and playing the guitar.
musicians are playing guitar on screen at some show.
live presentation of the band foo fighters playing guitars.
a woman dressed in purple is asking what is the most relevant experience ever obtained
the women in blue is asking a question what challenge did you face and how did you overcome it
a women in purple shirt is asking some questions and asking about the relevant experiences that a person faced with.
the women ask a question to the public through the video about  how you overcome the challenges
a woman in a purple shirt talking about challenges
explaining a question was made for her.
a beautiful woman wearing purple coat with zipper sporting long hair over the shoulder is asking a question in the interview.
a women speaking about the experience
a long haired woman in purple is asking a question about challenges.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a man delivering a suit case to a woman.
a person and policeman trying to open a luggage lock.
a person with luggage interacts with a delivery man, along with background commentary explaining the cost of shipment from kyoto to sendai being fifteen u.s dollars.
there is two men checking a bag
two men inspecting a big piece of luggage shipped from kyoto
showing a suitcase with two people.
luggage check - one large suitcase with a conformity sticker
a couple of man was dealing with the suitcase.
two men are inspecting the exterior of a large piece of luggage.
two man standing by a large purple suitcase
a man explaining about an app on a phone.
1. a person shows in mobile and explain once you logged in that application unlimited you tube songs available
showing your channel on youtube.
a man expalining the new features of the phone that can be downloaded on the web
someone is showing how to logged into the youtube music app and hear unlimited music
a man explaining the you tube premium music app
how to operate the phone a man given the instruction.
a man with an east indian accent is talking you through the process of logging on to a smartphone app that allows you to create musical playlists.
guy show how to use different features in a new smartphone
some one explaining about the app
a basketball player enters inside the camp while some girls are sitted on the floor.
the nba player shoots his shot, grabs the ball and walks off the court.
a basketball player asks the viewers to give way for him to set a right position for him to put the ball in the basket.
a man in a yellow uniform is walking and bouncing a ball on a court.
a basket ball player in yellow jersey is walking and shaking hand to move away.
a basketball player in a yellow uniform is dribbling a ball while an audience looks on.
the player with ball walking all over the ground.
a player for yellow basket-ball team hold the ball with hands and go to the basket in the same time all spectators watch him
basketball player prepares to make a pitch from far away from the basket.
a basketball player dressed in yellow crosses a basketball court holding a basket ball.
two animated giraffes sing, then more wild animals appear
two cartoon giraffes are dancing and singing among other animals.
funny song from two giraffes with their friends, cartoon
animation of two giraffes singing accompanied by several other animals
two animated giraffes dancing along with other animals playing harmonica.
two giraffes singing and dancing in an animated video.
two little girls singing and playing harmonica with their animal friends.
two giraffes are dancing to the music with other animals.
two graphical kangaroos are dancing and suddenly all other animals pops up
there are two groovy giraffes singing and dancing
a woman is a scream in pain while she trying to deliver a baby.
a woman is yelling painfully on the bed while two other women are helping her by holding her arms
a woman is sitting up in a hospital bed screaming loudly with a woman on each side of her.
girl shouting when giving the birth a baby
a pregannt woman, with mouth agape, gives birth with the aid of nurses.
scene from a movie where a birth takes place.
the woman who delivering a child scream painfully
a women screaming while giving birth to a child.
a woman in a hospital bed has her mouth open yelling while two women in scrub tops stand beside her.
a lady is screeming at something in bed while others hold her
a nurse giving treatment to a patient was worried about the patient's situation, unable to speak lies to her
it is scene from grey's anatomy and  the doctors  are discussing about someone
a female doctor is trying to treat one of her patients and she seems nervous.
a woman in a white coat and black hair is looking after a blond-haired woman lying in bed
a woman is attending to an individual lying on a bed.
in a hospital , the doctor is  giving treatment to their patient
the video shows a doctor is on a rush to support a patient that is in critical condition.
a lady doctor is talking to the woman on bed
sandra oh and katherine heigl are starring in their tv drama 'grey's anatomy'. it's oh's character christina yang and heigl's izzy stevens. dr yang is treating dr stevens, who is laying on a hospital bed.
in the trailer, a female doctor examines a patient
a brazilian player dribbling the players of the other team
a person is playing a nice move in soccer and there is some epic music.
blue and yellow man is dribbling opponents, both are playing on a professional football field.
there is a football match and the yellow player is hitting the football well
two teams with yellow and red jerseys are playing soccer in the ground.
skills plays being performed by a soccer player from the brazilian team
there are football players play with ball on the ground.
a talented soccer player is shown as he tricks a set of defenders.
a man in a yellow uniform kicks a soccer ball against opponents.
the brazilian team with another team are on the soccer field
a person holding a box with plastic in the middle and then touching a broom.
the person is keeping the broomstick down and doing something with it.
a guy tries to make something with the help of a broom.
a person is doing magic with a broom and pick up a broom stick
there is a person who has a gift box lid in his hands
a person is just setting things for his craft work
someone is trying to make a creative thing by the help of broom and giving tutorial on its making.
a person showing how to use a broom for a simple task.
he take  paper , white sheet and  broomstick do their craftwork
the man to form a frame for some of the things using.
pink and white birthday cake, decorated with rose buds
a hand is decorating a pink and white cake that then spins on its pedestal.
in this video we can see a pink and delicious cake
in this video there is a beautiful decoration of cake and prepration of birthday.
there is a orange color birthday cake which is decorated beautifully with roses.
a person places decoration on a pink cake.
a pink and white birthday cake topped with red icing roses is featured on a spinning white platform.
there is a beautiful cake with roses and pink icing.  someone is place the last drop of icing.
female hand putting the finishing touches on a birthday cake
a beautiful decorated cake.
man in glasses presenting white technological machine.
the person with grey shirt is talking in an interview.
scan center managing director explained her center reviews
man in shirt and glasses explains what his profession is.
a person in spectacles sitting next to a machine talking about his profession.
doctor explaining something about medicine in his clinic
mr eugene may, an middle age man in glasses is telling about some equipment behind him
a man is introducing himself and his profession
a bald man wearing a striped shirt and glasses talks about people with neurological problems that affect their vision.
swedish dr. eugene may the neurologist specialist introducing himself
a female with grey dress is talking in an interview.
a woman sitting on the sofa is explaining a topic
an asian woman explains the key age difference between chinese and american luxury travelers.
a woman is talking sincearly to someone else
a women explaine something and action in her hands
a lady with blue top is talking to someone while using hand gestures to justify herself.
a hotel lady talking about audience difference between us and china.
video not very interesting but clear in communicating
a woman  speaking  about  something .
a woman is explain luxury drivers in the united states and china.
red car peugeot speeds down road as person drives behind wheel shifting gears higher and higher speeds.
person driving a red sports car speeds down the highway passing by a black suv vehicle in the far right lane.
a person with white hands drives a black steering wheel
the person has their hand on the steering wheel while driving.
someone makes slight adjustments to a speeding car's direction with both their hands on the steering wheel.
two hands are on a steering wheel speeding down a highway.
someone is watching a video of a person racing an expensive car.
two men driving in a ferrari in a high speed
a lady driving in a car with a passenger speeding down the freeway.
from the perspective of the driver, a man accelerates a car down a track.
there is a food on the plate in the table
tasty dish of food, roasted potato, fried meat and asparagus
a man is enjoying eating a yummy food and telling about the quality of food along with eating that food
the original naked chef showing what he just cooked.
a man talking about a recipe.
someone is baking some thing like a chef.
close up shots of a potato and a steak.
the original naked chef shows us a glimpse of one of his dishes.
a steak and sliced potato in a plate and someone tasting it and explaining it.
showing food dish in different views as well as its interior.
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on the roof and a business sign popped up on the screen
a man in a blue shirt is squatting on an unfinished roof.
a man is working on the roof of a customer's home
a man is shown squatting on a roof, and an ad appears for a company called house mechanics.
a man in a blue shirt inspecting the roof of a house.
a man saying for this customer's home in a commercial ad ends with company information displayed.
the man in the blue shirt is shown in an advertisment.
nailgun sound man stands on roof, free roof inspection call this number.
a man sits on top of a roof, as text and effects are then shown.
a man is on a roof and it was an ad of roofing
a group of old men playing musical instrument.
in the living room, two elderly people play accordions while another one stands with another instrument
men in a room playing accordions
two old men singing and playing accordion sitting on a sofa in a home and another old man standing and playing an instrument in hand
the soft music played by the aged people is rhythmic
three elderly man are playing a music inside a house with white walls and brown furniture
a group of people in a living room playing various musical instruments
some musicians seems to be practicing in a room
three gentlemen doing a performance in a house.
old men with some musical instruments are playing inside their house.
a person is standing in parking and talking in front of a big white truck.
a man wearing sunglasses stands in front of a white pick up truck talking to the camera.
a man is saying hello to the camera as he talks
a man in a backwards baseball cap talks while standing in front of a white pickup truck.
a man in a blue shirt and black glasses and a hat talks as he stands in front of a white truck
there is a guy in a black hat talking about the truck.
the man is standing in the parking lot by his white truck.
a man in a blue shirt talks while standing in front of a white truck.
a man wearing dark glasses in a parking lot shows off his white denali and says update videos are coming soon.
he introduced the car to his fans by creating a video and also he beautifully welcome the fans by sayingwelcome to the video
a person speaking and three person down working
a pyramid mission coordinator explaining the new techniques of pyramid exploration in a tv channel.
a news story about the great pyramids.
white man with sunglasses recording a video.
the person is talking on a television program about some technique.
co-director of mission scanning pyramids explains about the technique behind the scanning of pyramids
a man was very interesting on talking about his works made.
a man wearing a blue shirt giving a teaching.
a man with the pyramids background is speaking and then archaeological visuals are shown
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the video is reporting a news item that is playing on cnn
a first person view on the right side and three reporters on the left side of the screen
two women and a man on cnn are discussing an active shooter situation in el paso.
news showing a body cam footage of a cop in a departmental store.
report on police action in a shop in a large city
a news footage urging people not to go to a certain area.
the news is telling people not to go to the shooting area.
in a television newspaper, journalists talk about a crime committed in el paso
lady speaking with another lady and man about some incident in the news channel
the persons are talking about the braking news
the witch from the maleficent movie wears a black dress and speaks to her mirror
the queen is is dispointed that her heart has been stolen.
situation is very sad and she wears black dress and cries and she think about her loving one by telling close to the heart
the woman with black dress is crying and talking something.
a lady talks with lot of grace and love in her face
a women wearning a black dress is talking .
a woman with green eyes and red lipstick wearing black and horns on her head is speaking.
an evil queen by angelina julie with black outfit is talking in the palace.
a fair witch in black color dress nd long nails was heart broken and expressing her sadness
a fragment from the film maleficent with a monologue of the main character
there is a man doing a weird trick with a penny
a man is demonstrating a coin flip saying there is nothing random about it. it is like using a pseudorandom number generator the google assistant uses.
some one is truing to flipping a coin and see how it lands.
a man in a gray shirt is flipping a coin onto a table.
a man flips a coin onto a table, while explaining that the result is not random.
a man stands by a table and tries to grab a white container.
a man holds and flips a coin onto a wooden table
a man is flipping a coin.
a man in a grey shirt discusses the probabilities involved in flipping a coin.
a person in a grey shirt is teaching people about probabilities.
shooting ceremony held by the military in honor of people who died.
a line of soldiers shooting off guns. they are wearing brown uniforms. they are outside
alot of soldiers shooting to the air and people watching
it was fire gun shot not against terrorist but is a respect oriented gun shot.
army mans standing in straight line with gun and they shoot into the sky
a military soldiers are practcing the shooting in the air.
this is last moment of death person to pricess less respect
there are soliders who are shooting into the sky
soldiers are firing in the air, as a tribute to someone.
police men are standing and shooting in air.
a clip on mtv.
a man in a white shirt is walking down a street while being followed by a businessman.
a man in a black suit and with a band bag is following a man who is wearing a tucked undershirt and have tattoo on shoulders.
a music clip with a man in a white tank top singing walking down the street with a man in a black suit behind with a blurred face
tattooed man with white blouse walking on the street
m tv video song snot stoopid
a man in a white tank top walks while singing and a man in a suit appears in the background.
this video of a song and they also showing people walking on street
a man wearing a white underwear is singing and walking
a man with tattoos is walking down the street and a man with a messed up face in a suit walks behind him.
two people eating something and then turning into superheroes in a transforming animation in the studio lab.
two men are performing a magic show in which their dresses changed with magic trick
two men making a blowing a pink gum and when it blows up that transform in super heroes
two guys are blowing the bubble gum and then turning into supermen.
very funny and well done video, congratulations
two men in a futuristic room blow up a chewing gum to turn into superheroes
the two guys wearing super hero costume after chewing the gum
two performers during a tv show performing some magic tricks.
two boys blow the bubble gum , when the bubble bust some magic happens and the boys get dressed like super heros.
two men blasting something in their mouth
many women are dancing to music in a studio as a woman's voice is singing.
an asian music video of a lot of girls singing in front of a crowd.
k pop girl singers and dancers on a tv show.
a music group performs a skit, while a small crowd watches.
someone is watching a chinese music video with a girl band.
a group of foreign females are on a stage singing and dancing to a foreign pop song.
beautiful song playing with beautiful dance from a group of dancers
there is a group of asian people dancing and enjoying the attention they are getting
there are a bunch of girls who are dancing to a song in some foreign language.
the people are all standing on the stage dancing together.
two men hugging each other after wining a match.
the winner of a fighting match is brandishing his prize belt and embracing an older man who could be his coach or father.
a wwe winner is happily showing his award to the crowd as he is being hugged tightly by his friend wearing blue vest
wrestler hugging his father in a wrestling ring after winning a title belt.
a man enjoying the victory along with his friend
two men are hugging each other after a match.
guys are fighting and expressing their feelings inside the ring
two wrestlers are hugging and celebrating the victory of a fight.
a father and son are hugging in celebration.
a newly crowned wretling champion is hugging his father in the ring in gratitude.
a white man showing an equipment with his hands while describing his functions.
a man is teaching how to use a telescope
a man demonstrates the focuser on a telescope and indicates where the spot for the pole holder.
a man in a black t-shirt handling a telescope near a gray sofa.
a guy describes about a gadget that can be adjusted with multiple adjusters.
a man explaining the features of a device in a video.
a man is adjusting the buttons on a piece of equipment.
the man was explaining about the telescope that he had been using.
a man describes how to focus a hand held telescope
a man handling a telescope and comments on it and its features.
a man in red shirt is kissed by a lady in a blue dress in front of a group of people
someone is watching a video with 3 guy and a woman.
the group of men are standing around the facility.
a woman in past times is surprised to be introduced to a black man and she kisses him, saying she loves it.
a man introduce himself and woman kissed him ,two other men in background.
four characters, in a huddle, are talking about one of the characters being colored
there is a man who is talking to a woman in a black hat. the woman then kisses the man.
the women in the purple hat kisses the nice man in the suite.
three young gentleman speaking with an older woman after being introduced the woman kisses one of the gentleman.
a woman is introduced to a young black man among some young white men and greets him excitedly, kissing him on the lips.
a woman video taping an argument between herself and a young man.
a black guy saying that he is learning about the future
person start music at very emotions and strongly.
the person with black t-shirt is talking while another female record it.
man is a woman arguing.
a person wearing black t-shirt and black cap is getting disturbed by his mother when he is preparing something
a guy in black glasses standing and talking to a lady.
a man in a black t-shirt with a print and black bone in front of a notebook
a video featuring a woman in the background and a young guy in front of a camera,
a kid is in the computer and the windows are open
minecraft gameplay with several people playing and talking about the game
two minecraft caracters in a florest one on the front and other right on the back following him
a robot moving in front of frame
stampy is walking on the path with  squid surrounding by trees
a men and women comment the video game
a screen recording of a game is playing
the two streamers are playing with their game characters and making them run.
two kids playing minecraft video game in multiplayer on a nice map
part of a cartton game plating by video games stations
two cartoon characters on is having yellow head while another one in red head in the back just moving forward
broadcaster on your program
man dressed in black speaks into the microphone with explosion sound effects
a man in black is giving a ad about apple music.
man shouting and talking on mike in very aggressive way
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
a large man in a beard and a black baseball cap talking into a microphone, followed by an apple logo with the words music.
a person in black cap looks to be very angry
person speaking shouting with deafening music
male discusses the bad effects of weed smoking.
the man is doing his talk show with sound effects.
two people in a jungle share an intimate moment.
an old asian film maybe from indonesia where there is couple
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
young woman hurts her finger and a young man appears to console her.
a couple in white dresses are catching there hands and saying something
lovers tell for share feel and enemy very sad face look him that love.
the male is holding the hand of the female and talking.
an indian couple is having a sentimental moment in the garden.
a man is trying to comfort a girl in distress.
excerpt from an indian film - meeting a guy and a girl in the garden, where she pricked her hand
baby dalmations talk with their cartoon father about what another character is going to do.
dalmatian puppies, one adult and two puppies.
the video reports dalmata film, one of the most famous in the world
a dog happily sitting on her mothers head with other dog laying down
small dogs in ground and top of big one are discussing something with big dog.
three dalmatian dogs talk to each other in a drawing
two animated dalmation puppies are talking to their father. one puppy is on the fathers head.
there is a spotted dog that talks to another dog that is sitting on top of a bigger dog.
101 dolmations scene with the dogs wondering about what another character is going to do.
puppies talking to their father from the movie 101 dalmations.
a man stands in a kitchen and speaks to a woman who enters.
a man stands in the kitchen before a woman wearing a dark red top walks in to talk.
an asian male speaking in a low voice as a women walks into the kitchen.
the man and woman are standing in the kitchen talking to each other.
a man speaks to a woman about his sadness, his thoughts, and what to do next.
some one is watching the george lopez show.
they are spending the time in the kitchen preaing a grand dinner for the guest.
a show with george lopez plays in the background.
the man walks into the kitchen and he is talking to his wife angie
a woman starts talking to a man and they don't look at each other.
a guy with black hat and blue top is pointing his figure at someone while looking at them.
a man wearing cap pointing his index finger on something.
song of a single person with images photos
a man was acting well and showing there pictures to move
a still photo with music in the background, the photo is of a man in a cowboy hat pointing his finger
a photo of a man and a musical background.
amid music, a photograph of a man with a beard in a black hat and changing filters
a bearded young man wearing black cap points at something.
a man dressed as a cowboy poses for the cover of a song
the person looking very angry in the room
a person with violet dressing kept a mike in his hand and speaking
comedian discussing how he's running late to the movies but his wife doesn't care.
a person wearing cream colour pant and green shirt with a black jacket is holding a mike and explaining something to the audience which is not to be seen
man in a green shirt with a blue jacket, speaking.
a boy with a microphone telling a joke on a stage and then immediately calling his wife.
in a tv show, a person explain about his wife with comedy sense
a man in stage with mice saying something to public
while male wearing a blue jacket and a green shirt with khaki pants holding a microphone and telling jokes to a crowd
a man with reddish hair and a partially zipped jacket tells jokes on stage.
stand-up show with a guy in blue jacket and green skirt
a woman is driving a car during a music video.
a girl is driving a car on the hill station
a woman inside a car driving through a treeless hilly landscape.
cockpit view of car is shown as recorded by a person sitting on the back seat. a woman is driving, rural area. morose music is heard.
a woman drives a vehicle while the snow clad landscape can be seen on one side.
a lady is drving a car and listenig a music
sentence 1 :a person in a car back sheet take a video in outside
a girl is driving a car besides mountains covered with ice.
a woman drives a car in a mountainous region and a song starts playing soon after.
a person sitting the back seat of a moving car is filming the snowy landscape outside while music plays on the radio.
cartoon 3d music video of a green gummy bear dancing in a mainly yello street, he's singing that he's a gummy beat
the gummy bear is on the coast surrounded by houses, when he turns singing and jumping from one foot to the other
a green color cartoon character is singing and dancing for a song in the street.
a green gummy bear dancing and singing on the street
an animated green bear wearing yellow shorts and white shoes dances and sings in an animated street between yellow buildings.
a green gummy bear is dancing in an empty street.
in the middle of a city, a green gummy bear is dancing and singing
a green bear cartoon is dancing and singing on the street
cartoon character singing and dancing to a children's song
a cartoon dancing bear is singing in the street.
a hand playing with a toy car, he is collecting yellow cubes!
a person is playing with a toy truck and he is moving the truck with his fingers
adult man playing with toy car and music in the background.
a truck is crossing a narrow road.
a person pushing a small toy vehicle in road
a hand wheels a toy tractor onto a playset road in a demonstration of play.
there is a truck that is roaming through a background
a man is playing with a red  truck toy
person playing with a toy traotor on a toy track, with a farm backdrop
a hand playing with a toy red tractor
a man in a white shirt and a female in a black shirt, stand outside and talk for a video online interview.
on the cnn news there are mother talking about her baby.
a woman wearing a black sweater with a silver pendant describes the heroic actions of her niece.
there are two people who are talking to a reporter about the death of a mother.
two people stand in front of a bush and a building, discussing a woman who recently passed away.
the woman stood by her man speaking to the news camera about another woman.
a news clip about a shooting in el paso.
a woman wearing black is talking on the news about her mother who was killed.
relatives recount the good nature of a mother who sacrificed herself to protect her child.
the two people are standing and talking to the media.
a man holding razors and talking about its features
the man explain the shave for different shaving blade and lotions
a guy explain about the types of shaving razors he has in his bathroom.
men explain the quality racier and usable method
featuring razor type for shaving.
man advertising a shaver
a man is talking about his shaving razor and he puts it
a man explaining how to use a blade razor
a man is holding on to a shaving blade for shaving
cleaning the shaving machine
a group o three or four black guys and the boy with white t-shirt is singing
black man was singing a song on the road side in front of a car
a boy who sings rap
most of the people will playing the rock song.
the person with white t-shirt is singing and rapping a song.
a group of people singing a song
a man with white t-shirt performing a dance with a team at roadside
a man wearing white t-shirt rapping a song and walking back, two other people in black are standing behind him leaning on a car
a young man is performing a videoclipe with is friends in a street.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
an adult's hand is playing with a toy dog and putting into the dog house, it then jumps out!
a yellow toy dog is mastering the secret techniques of teleportation through a toy kennel.
someone playing with a toy dog that is on top of a green supervicie.
a person is playing with some toys in the room
two people are playing with some toys and a dog house.
a person is touching a toy puppy, when the person puts him in the house, presses a button, the dog leaves without the clothes.
someone plays with a small toy dog and places it inside of another toy
someone is playing with a small toy modeled after a dog.
hands play with a small plastic playset featuring a yellow dog and doghouse.
a little dog toy inserted in a small grey container.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
farmer driving a tractor while his wife picks up their son from the bed.
family in a pickup truck on the farm
a man driving the tractor with girl in the backside and giving lift to the boy
the carton movie is fully enjoyed.  ant the three people driving the tractor.
cartoon clip showing one character driving a zeep
an animated lullaby song for kids is being played.
two farmers in a truck and one on the ground in front of a house with a fence
a man is driving a tractor with another person in the back and they drive up to a child.
colorful kids depiction of the song the farmer in the dell.
the person with a blue dress shirt and medical mask is sitting on a subway train then gets up and starts talking
a man in a blue shirt and mask talks inside a meter about measures to fight the virus.
a news anchor talks about a uv light device in nyc subway to kill virus.
television report showing a man inside a subway.
news reporter is telling about the virus during the tv show.
a reporter talks in a underground train describing about uv lights for killing virus.
the man was discussing how the corona virus can live in subway trains for up to 72 hours.
a man wearing a mask is moving in an empty metro
showcasing possible way to deep clean and sanitize transport against the virus.
news report by man in mask in empty train of underground
a man is talking about a home that is for sale.
a double white bathroom sink with a chrome tap, and reddish cabinets below.
a white sink is displayed, which is a new addition to a home for sale.
this is a video of a man describing how a homeowner wants him to replace a kitchen sink.
a plumber describing a sink and how he is going to replace it.
a whie sink in a wood cabinet. the sink is closed and very clean.
the speaker is showing a new home and has been requested to put in a stainless steel sink.
a man is describing a kitchen sink he replaced for someone who is selling a house.
the commentator tells about the sink in the house which has been put on sale.
the sink is perfectly placed, and the contrast of white and brown is great
there are nike sneakers sitting on a display shelf.
a male discussing male designer tennis shoes.
an advertisement of the nike shoes with black and white design.
a closet with some models of nike shoes being presented by two men
nike and comton pairs of sneakers are kept in closet
a person is describing the feature of nike sneakers
they are some sneakers in a closet and two men are talking about them.
some black and red colored shoes are kept in the rack for sale one man with black shirt taking it in his hand.
shoes are kept in racks by pair and two persons checking those shoes.
two black and white pair of sneakers stored in a wardrobe and two men chatting with each other about the features of one of them
i see a puppy coming out of dog house
a little golden retriever puppy is focusing on a red balloon floating in a swimming pool.
a white dog is coming out of the door and there is a red belt around the neck
a little puppy emerges from a dog kennel, then the name of the dog is displayed.
a white cute dog with a red ribbon around its neck comes out of the door.
a small dog with ribbon over his neck is stopping and staring at a red ball in a pool.
a puppy with a red scarf sticks its head out from a small dog house.
a cute tan puppy with a red bow around his neck is watching a red balloon with a string tried to it float in a pool.
a white dog with red collar is coming out of the dog house.
a pet pepping out from home a red colour ball floating in water
car drives down a road, and ominous clouds are forming on the horizon.
a man is driving his car on a wet street talking about the weather with a storm ahead.
view of a passenger seat in a car during a rain while he's on the street with the windshield wiper working at the minimum speed
a person drives a vehicle on a rainy day while a male voice speaks in the background.
a car walking down the street and showing a stormy weather
car riding in the rain
a man discussing a video of bad weather.
ensure your carâ€™s wipers are in good shape and clean the windshield properly
a car is driven on the wet road with vipers on.
someone is telling about a video which shows a car moving through a rain storm.
the view of rocky mountain with adjacent of plant on the surface of mountains
going down on a beautiful landscape of grassy cliffs.
a view of mountain from top to bottom with some trees on them
the mountain hill close up view  in video
the grand has tree growing out of the rocks.
a large hill of green is moving and the sky is cloudy
a canyon with green leaves growing over and around
an aerial view of a huge mountain top
soft music to show beautiful rock scenery.
it is apicture of valley.
a red and black plastic toy t-rex chomps on a toy herbivore and burps.
an animated red dinosaur eats a smaller tan toy dinosaur and lets out a big burp and walks away.
a large dinouser eating the small one
red tyrannosaurus is swallowing its victim. grassy horizon line at the background.
there is a plastic t-rex eating another plastic dinossaur.
a dinosaur is eating another dinosaur in the animation
a game with dinosaur dolls.
an animated dinosaur with grass in the background is eating and burping.
a toy dinosaur controlled by a hand in water.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
one handicapped person use the help stick and walk inside the room
physically handicapped woman dressed in a green coat, interviewing a tv show.
man on crutches entering a talkshow
a handicapped woman entering to the hall with the help of walking support.
a funny dressed man enters the television studio on crutches
a women is walking to the stage with the help of crutches.
a one-leg woman wearing a heavy winter coat and a fluffy hood enters into a late night show stage walking with crutches
there is a guy on crutches who is walking on a show
man in green coat enters television show walking with moletas
it is scene from a movie  where the hero takes out the villian sees a and go through a locker
names are being displayed in lines one after another on screen
video explaining how a 3d printer works
a machine is shown moving as a white text fills the screen.
a device specifications are being analyzed thoroughly and displayed.
a 3d printer is being used to create something
there is a person who is talking about a robot.
a person explain about the new electrical machine and provide the details about the machine
one person is explaining about the features of machine
explaining the work of a printing machiner, on the backside there is beautiful arrangements.
there are certain specifications that are needed for a picture
spiderman character talking to captain america in a movie scene
it is scene from a movie  where the  spider man  sees a and go through a locker
a guy wearing spider man suit says its perfect to other person.
movie scene in which spider-man is talking while holding captain america's shield
sipder-man is talking and gesturing his hand.
clip from the movie spider man describing his new suit
the video shows a scene with the spider man talking sarcastically as usual and still wearing the captain america's shield
cut out of a scene from the spiderman movie.
spiderman is talking to a character that is not seen on the screen.
the spider man is holding captain america shield and talking about the new suit himself is wearing.
a cute little mickey mouse is preparing something
micky and minnie mouse are talking to each other.
mickey mouse talking to the cam next to minnie mouse.
mickey mouse saying a dialog in the cartoon.
mickey mouse saying he made a recipe with all his friends and standing by minnie mouse
mickey mouse is with minnie next to a fountain outside and wines an eye
micky mouse and other characters doing fun in an animated video.
mickey mouse talking to a female mouse that is looking at a card.
sentence 1 : in a comic channel , a micky mouse told , i will do little help to all my friends.
mickey mouse is talking on a tv show with minnie.
a cartoon doggy saying a dialog to lift her up in a crane.
puppy dressed as a superhero climbs onto a platform to be launched.
an animated video showing funny characters and their activities
a talking cartoon dog rides a crane into a blue sky.
a dog in a blue uniform is lifted into the air by a machine.
the cartoon super dog is trying something out
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
in the cartoon movie dog toy sitting on the crane lifting hand and asked to lift the maximum height.
a dog is dressed as a robot and doing things.
a superhero dog moves around and asks a machine to help him move.
a video showing what looks like a cave of so many bats that you cant even see the wall, its just bats, with people talking about how scientists know that both bats and rodents carry many diseases.
a wall is covered with bats and a few fly around.
bats hanging from a cave ceiling with some flying around and narrator stating that bats carry a high number of viruses.
a reporter comments on black bats in the region.
a wall of bats and some are flying then ends with a bat on a limb.
several bats sleeping in a cave and few are flying around.
there are a lot of bats that are sleeping. some of the bats are flying around.
there are many bats flying and living in a cave
there are a large number of bats gathered on the side of a cave.
a documentary that talks about the characteristics of bats and how they carry many viruses.
a young girl is holding a mic and singing on the dias.
a woman with dark curly hair is singing into a microphone.
a girl is singing a song holding a mic.
a lady holding a mike and singing a song emotionally.
a lady is singing a song in a stage
a girl is sing the song on the stage
a young african girl with curly hairs is singing a song on a mike.
a woman with curly brown hair is singing through a microphone.
a young girl with curly hair singing on a tv show.
a girl with curly hairs holding mike in hand
a beautiful girl with thick, long hair walks in an avenue
a girl indicating a place to go for a walk and enjoy nature
a young girl talking about the place she is which is a great nature area.
a young girl with black hair walks in a road explaining about walking in nature.
the woman in the video has a yellow shirt and really long black hair.
s girl is walking alone in road saying something
a lady walking in a road near greenery and talking about nature
a girl with long hair in a yellow t-shirt is walking along the path and talking
a woman speaking and walking towards the camera in a forest area.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a small boat is traveling beside a large boat in the ocean .
the person is in the boat is moving along in the water.
zooming in on a speed boat sailing next to a larger boat.
somali pirates in a small speed boat are trying to attack a large ship.
a fast moving skiff filled with people is seen from above racing alongside a container ship.
a person on a larger boat films a somali pirate boat with music in the background.
a small boat speeds in the water beside another one which is massive, and text appears indicating that the small ship belongs to somali pirates.
a black motor boat is moving along side a cargo ship
some one is watching a video or a ship in the water.
somali pirates drive a boat next to another boat
a woman is talking about fauna in a island while the images of a beautiful island is shown.
commenting on a paradisiacal beach.
a woman narrating a beautiful sea, very green and very beautiful
is a video about a beach in which we can see the sea and a forest
an aerial view with huge water source and trees and bushes around
a lake with bluish green water and bank with lot of plants under the blue sky.
a woman explains about the beach with background of green sea and trees in island
the nature with the ocean and the combination of sky and water.
landscape of a beach with very clear waters
an view of blue sky with white clouds and the view of sea with green and blue colours.
woman with blond hair, blue eyes and red blazer in communication and at the same time gesticulation as her speech
in this video we can see a woman with a red jacket speaking
a woman explaining in pink and black clothes
a women with short hairs and in red shirt is telling about how to give an interview in a good way.
a blonde lady in a red jacket giving interview tips
a woman is doing a speech while sitting behind a table.
a lady with red coat ask a question to the viewers through a television show.
a white woman wearing a red coat is telling
a blonde woman in a reddish pink outfit is talking and moving her arms.
a woman dressed in a red jacket is talking
sentence 1 : a person cooking tawa in  and explains how it looks sentense 2: he explains that round shape food 1 side is good other side is bad
a person flips a pancake and tests it with their finger
a man is cooking a pancake in a black frying pan.
a person fries a food with the aid of a spatula while commenting.
food being prepared in a pan with someone stirring the food.
some guy is cooking a pancake in a pan with less or more butter.
a man is frying something with a pan on the stove and tells about the stuff.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
man turning the food he is preparing in a pan.
the guy behind the scenes tells how to fry a pancake by turning it over with a spatula
a clinical microscope with three objective lenses is used to observe an object.
video explaining how to make minor adjustments on the microscope for the best image.
a microscope is being used while a scientist is showing why the image may be blurry because the slide was not set into place.
man adjusting the lens of a microscope
showing a sample under the microscope.
machine being handled by a man wearing a blue glove
microscope is adjusted for the optimal viewing experience.
someone is adjusting the microscope with hand
man presenting microscope and analyzing an object in the lenses.
a microscope being adjusted to view the full image.
cartoon for kid, i don't know the language, all the character are inside a forest and look like babies or very young infant, one them with a speedo is getting ready to run
chhota bheem in forest with his friends talks to a small boy.
a cartoon character instructing  other people getting ready to race
chota vheem is talking to a kid and there are five girls standing  behind the chota bheem
cartoon people talking to each other in outdoor setting.
few animated characters doing funny things around in a hindi animated series.
a small community of kids practice diplomacy on an island.
a child television program where a little boy gives instructions to others
some kids is watching cartoon in a different language.
a cartoon video shows few cartoon characters lined up in a line and there is a boy who is telling two others what to do.
woman interacting with various dogs in a movie scene
the female hold a puppy on her hand while other puppies lick her.
cruella de ville pets dalmatian puppies while laughing and mock-kissing the puppies as they lick at her face.
an old lady playing with many small puppies
a woman in striped dress is having fun with a set of dalmatian dogs.
a lady with stripy clothes on is playing with a lot of dotted puppies.
dalmatien dogs are playing with a woman whose color hair is white and black
cruella de vil is cuddling two dalmatas puppets.
cruella deville wearing a black and white striped outfit, joyfully holds two dalmatian puppies in her arms.
we have a lady playing and giving love to two dalmatian dogs
man in a blue shirt grabs a woman from behind playing with a hose
first there is a close-up of a young man. then the man is playing with a woman and a hosepipe on the grass. then the man and woman are sitting at a table talking and she tries to break his thumb.
a man with long hair is remembering the memories of his love
a couple dressed in a blue shirt hugging each other playing with a hose
there are two persons one is boy and another one is girl and they were playing and fighting with each other
a man reflects on a his past relationship with a woman.
the couples are providing the different memories as the music play.
musical video with girl and boy with asian faces going together
an asian origin man is singing as he grabs a woman.
a video is playing . a romantic couple can be seen .
an arrow saying wrong guy is being pointed at the man. the man is one of the dunkers at the contest.
a dunk contest where the camera man have been filiming the wrong person who is being pointed at by the people who are actually being filmed.
a man is just looking upwards with other guys looking
there is a person on the camera and they are pointing to somewhere else.
a black man being pointed at by an arrow and soon after other people appear.
wrong person is shown on a dunk contest. the person in question helps out the cameraman by pointing to the correct person.
man in blue shirt sitting and looking up
a man is being pointed out as the wrong guy.
black man sitting observing something that passes on the screen
a camera focusing on the wrong person during a tv show.
someone is talking about a dragon poster.
a cartoon drawing of a colorful dragon and a human are shown as a man narrates.
a person is standing right next to a blue dragon that looks like a fish.
the dragon is green and the person is very small compared to it
a dragon is drawn on parchment runes symbols below it a man speaks, says it's an aquatic dragon.
a man explains the debut of dragons in a book while looking at a picture of one.
the picture of the dragon shows a woman underneath.
a man talks about a large species of dragon.
a male voice describes a painting of a green and red aquatic dragon.
this man is explaining to us about the world and history of dargons.
a christmas party with lots of people dressed up and opening the gifts, the girl got a lovely bag.
a woman dressed in black is taking out a handbag from inside a paper bag as other people in the background look on.
the girl is opening the gift and she got a bag while the crowd cheers.
many people sitting in hall but one girl is gift voucher getting in gift bag
a women took a bag from the packet and excited others
some girl opening up her christmas present and other people sitting around and making a sound
at a gathering a pretty woman get a wonderful gift handbag that she really enjoys.
a woman took out a bag from christmas gift bag
a woman is taking out her gift for christmas and her friends and family are cheering after seeing her gift handbag
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
there is a man with a black and white shirt who tells the viewer to poor white vinegar down the drain.
the person in the striped shirt is standing in the kitchen.
a how-to video where a man describes how to use a cup of white vinegar.
a man explaining to pour white vinegar down the drain.
a men is talking about the kitchen sink
in a kitchen a man is holding a container of vinegar and is describing how much should be used to put down into the sink.
a man in a striped shirts tells audience to poor vinegar down a sink.
this person is filling a beaker up with a lot of water and they are enjoying it a lot
a man in a striped shirt gives instructions.
a man instructs people to pour 1 cup of white vinegar down the drain.
the group of people are singing and dancing by holding something in a hand.
four young adults are singing in a theatrical production about a bar.
four people (a woman in a yellow sweater, a man in a red shirt and apron, a man in a dark t-shirt, and a woman in an apron) are performing on the set of a news program or late night show.
the four people are performing live on channel seven.
people are performing a song, while moving their bodies in unison intentionally.
there is two men and two womens are dancing
two men and two women are dancing and doing some action by hand
in a newsroom, 2 newscasters are pointing to a group of 4 people performing a musical.
people on a news team are performing a skit
musical with four people in kitchen aprons singing and acting.
an easter bunny card is followed by another featuring jesus holding a lamb.
christian holiday greeting card with christian anthem on polish
a jesus christ song portrays the jesus.
an ester bunny card was moved from down corner and with a blue back ground song lyrics were written about jesus
a christian song is playing with lyrics
this video is one type of invitation.
the lyrics of a christian mass song is shown where the still of jesus christ at the left
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a page with text is displayed with background song.
a religious song with a picture of jesus holding a lamb in the sky.
news clip showing two muslim men praying in a mosque in a city.
a man sitting in a lounge and then in front of a store seen from the street.
two men are offering prayer inside a mosque
a video of a man sitting in a masjid making prayer.
this is a news report that takes place at a mosque.
a news recording shows a church type place.
a muslim is engaged in prayer in minneapolis
a man in a green striped shirt sitting on a rug while a man narrates a story.
two persons sitting on a carpet in a minneapolis mosque and praying.
two muslim men are offering prayers in a hall and the outer side of the samiya store can be seen.
a ted talk with a lady explaining it's the most ridiculous process, and we don't what.
a ted talk lecture being let by a female. the female is wearing a pants suit of tan color with a white blouse. the backdrop is colorful and vivid with blue triangle, and a red rectangle dangling from the sky. there is also a red ted sign neatly displayed as a backdrop. the lady is standing on a red circle.
a lady with huge stage showing the title and brand ted.
a lady with brown suite standing the stage and giving speech.
a female person in a brown suit seems to giving a speech on a stage.
the girl is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
a woman wearing brown dress is speaking in a ted talk.
a woman giving presentation at an event hall.
we have a young woman speaking from a stage or stage to a group of people
woman at the center of the screen speaking at a ted
three characters in brights colors speak with each other.
someone took a girls napkin away from her
there are three people in this video and the is wondering what the object is for.
female cartoon character talking to a male character reading a newspaper. another unforseen character grabs the newspaper away
a cartoon with a girl and a boy chatting with each other.
one girl in a cartoon talk with a boy and she wants some thing from this boy.author person come and take a paper that the boy hold it.the boy said ih
a young lady very much likes a piece of fabric she is offered by her suitor, but another woman grasps the fabric.
a girl is chatting with a boy wearing hat and someone interrupts their talk.
a girl wearing green dress converses and expresses her happy feeling with the boy wearing cap who stands opposite to her.
few animated characters are talking and looking each other
a slow motion of an explosion is shown and there is smoke
slow motion gun shot explosion video of  an item placed on a table.
various explosions in a scenario, the scene comes and goes in slow motion
a gun shooting video blowing out the targets.
a video about a experiment when a object gets released creates smoke and hits another object in slow motion.
there is an object blowing up and making loud noises
a projectile containing fluid is shot at a block.
hard rock music is being played while and explosion happens to a brick on a table outside.
a shot that emits a lot of smoke in slow motion hits a target and drops it.
a small explosion in slow motion with splinters and smoke at the end.
several women having relaxing moments at a spa
an information video demonstrating the health benefits of sea salt featuring a woman receiving a skin treatment on her back.
a beauty tip to be gorgeous over life time, by a gorgeous girl.
a girl is explaining different benefits of sea salt on human body.
the benefits of salt to have a perfect skin and eliminate fat
a women is showing her different poses for advertisement
a young woman in a pink tee shirt and demin overalls pulls her sunglasses down slightly to look over them. next, a blonde woman wearing white,  thigh-high stockings tied with a teal bow stretches on a bed hiding her body behind a paper fan. next, a woman with tan skin lays face-down on a massage table while a pair of hands massages large salt crystals into her back.
sea salt benefits are being demonstrated, a woman with sea salt in her back and other two blond women can be seen
a lady is speaking about health and beauty tips using salt for dead skin.
a woman is talking about body massage
there are old man and a guy in a car.
two guys sit in a convertable and watch bikini clad women
a movie with two men sitting in a red car while two girls in bikini go near them
women pass by in bikini and two men in a car comment on each other about them
there are two men in a red car talking about the two ladies in their bikinis.
the two girls cross the car and the two person comment to cross the two girls
an older man and a younger one are inside a red convertible car admiring women in bikinis.
father and son sitting in a car and talking to each other.
two men sitting in car are watching the girls who are passing by.
two persons looking at the girls passing by them
bikers stopped in the road by police officers that had to direct traffic.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
traffic police clear the traffic our safety instruction given.
a police man giving instructions about the traffic rule to two motor bike riders who violate the trafic rule.
the road is police come to the ride. the two bikers target in police van.
policemen stopping two men on a motorcycle on the street
police stopped his car across the zebra crossing and telling people to go back from the crossing who are in bikes at the crossing
a policeman is talking to a couple of bikers standing at the crossroads
a police men stopped the bikers on the road and speaking to them
police officers with police vehicles parked on a street carrying out inspection on motorcycles.
a video edition with various types of car.
pixel art municapal cars drive and stop as if pulling up to a light; the cars include taxi, garbage truck, mail truck.
animated vehicles moving one after another in a line.
different kinds of vehicles are moving in three rows.
various types of animated vehicles are driving away.
various designs of assorted cars, ambulances, police cars, fire engine and trucks
this is a cartoon of animated trucks and vehicles driving somewheres.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
this video shows demo pieces of car,van,truck model.
retro-sounding/chiptune music over pixel styled vehicles in traffic.
2 people are doing a comedy routine, both wearing the same orange shirt.
two men are talking to one another on stage
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
two guys wearing orange t-shirts in a tv show
two singers dressed in the same outfit and sunglasses
it's a tv show. there are 2 men telling something that sounds like a joke because the audience laughs
there are two asian guys looking exactly same with same clothes.
two men in orange jackets and sunglasses talking to each other while an audience watches
two men are on stage talking and telling jokes back and forth.
two men in red perform a joke performance on a television show
a person is describing about the jacket she is wearing.
a girl with long hair is dressing black warm jacket
a young woman films herself with a smartphone and shows off her clothes while a female voice speaks in the background.
a woman is talking about a jacket she has gotten.
women trying on fashionable coat while talking about it.
a ledy give a trial with a black leather jacket through her mobile camera holding with left hand.
blonde girl wearing a black coat  taking a selfie
a girl after making trial of a black color jerkin sees its fitness and appearance using her mobile phone camera
a lady is wearing a jacket and looking through his phone and checks whether it fits her correctly
a young woman films herself in the mirror wearing a leather jacket.
photo with a broken light aircraft in the middle of a busy highway
a plane crash on the road
a small plane has crashed on the interstate and text informs me that some pilots put themselves in a bad situation
a air plan attack showing with details on screen.
a white plane crashed on the road.
a mini plane crash on the middle of a high way.
a picture is shown of a crashed plane on a motorway and a message talking about pilot choices shows
a white plane crashed on the ground of a road which is blocked by the accident
the flight are crashed inbetween the roads because of the pilot are in a bad condition.
road side put down the aeroplane
a turtle eats food from a bait
a man is feeding a turtle with what seems to be a popsicle made out of sea food.
a turtle came out of water and some person feeding it
a male hand offering a turtle a delicious fruit popsicle
a tortoise trying to eat the food and a person trying to eat them.
a water turtle coming out of the water to feed.
a man is giving an ice-cream like thing to the tortoise which the tortoise is eating in a very hungry mood
a man is feeding a stick of feed to a turtle that comes out of a river bank
a guy feeding a turtle with a ice cone.
a man is giving something for eating to tortise in the water
a young man in black entertains in a red lit room with a beat box routine.
a man is singing and making noises into a microphone.
a man dressed in black clothing is performing onstage
a man is beat boxing onstage with a microphone to an audience.
a perfomer on stage tring to entataing inside a hall.
a man wearing jeans and brown t-shirt and white shoes is performing mimicry on the stage with so much furniture
a man using his mouth to perform a musical show.
a male comedian on stage makes bee bop rap noises to entertain the audience.
a man singing and making different band sounds in front of the microphone
the boy is singing a song in front of mike is jass or rock.
cartoon caracter wraping a towel around the top of its head.
squid mollusk finishing his bath and putting powder in the face
a towel is tied around a clown's head and exerts telecom power.
squid-mollusc getting out of the bath wrap a white towel on your head and put a powder on your face
cartoon character showing a character scratching head
a cartoon with the character wearing a towel on his head and putting makeup on his face
squidward putting powder on his nose after finishing taking a shower.
there is a cartoon cleaning his head and applying powder to the face
a cartoon character wiping off with a towel after a shower and singing
a light blue character hums and puts an extraordinary amount of powder on them, causing a lot of smoke.
a man points to the clips on the interior of a car door that hold the outer shell in place.
a man prepares to work on a car door.
a man wearing a black leather wristband points at silver bolts in a car door frame.
a person opens a car door in a rural area, on their hand is a gold wedding ring.
some guy is talking about fixing the car.
a man has the inside panel of a car door removed and points out how the clips on the frame line up with the door.
a man explains taking off an inside door panel of a car.
a man points and explains to his tools and his open car door that he's fixing.
a man stands by the door of a car and points at specific areas on the door
a man is pointing to four different bolts on a car door.
a still photo of 5 girls standing together smiling and pop music is playing.
a group of womens with different colored dessing singing a song
un front of a red screen there are four girls posing for a photo. from the left to the right, they are wearing: a short black dress, a white one, a pinck one, a white one and a black one.
a song is playing with a photo slide show of team members
a group of musicians are singing and expressing their talent.
music is playing in the background by a girl band.
girl group singing aa song.
video clip of a song with lyrics and a beautiful 5 ladies picture as background.
a great song been played in the background and 5 girls pose was nice to see.
the picture of young ladies with the song lyrics are displayed.
a video tutorial on how to overdo a coffee, and how to never see the person again who you offer your overdone coffee to.
a probably sweet drink spins while pop music plays in the video.
there is a baker spinning a cake around and icing it with brown icing.
somebody is rotating a bowl of brown pudding.
someone is decorating a really delicious cake.
a chef who is decorating a cake with frosting.
some girl making a design on her coffee with a chocolate flavour
a cake decorator decorating a cake to upbeat music
a person spins a confectioner's cake while finishing and finishing it with whipped cream.
someone shows how to decorate the cake with chocolate cream
a means of transport that for decades has been gaining momentum and evolving in technology
a conatiner ship is moving slowly on water leaving a port.
a man describing the facts and features of a container ship
data images of a merchant ship full of containers
the maersk ship is the largest container ship.
a person is explaining about a ship which is full of containers
a ship named marsek is blue and red is sailing st the speed of 25.5.
someone are talking about container ships.
a narrator describes a container ship while multiple pictures of the ship are shown.
a container freighter for the maersk line underway or leaving port, which is huge and fast.
a person is explaining about a paper made wheel
this guy play with colour paper art.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man wearing t shirt is showing wheelie in rainbow colors
a man shows a diy colorful model and how it flies.
a man tossing a colorful round shape agronomy in the air.
a man is showing an object, it appears to be boomerang.
a person explain the paper toys
multicolored paper flying plate which flies to a certain distance when thrown is a craft work done by a person
a man with colorful dress is showing off craft works
two dogs are sitting in room on the floor with each other
two dalmatian dogs resting, one sets its head on the back of the other.
two dogs crouch in a dressing room
two dolmation dogs are lying on the floor
two white dogs with black dots one of which wobbling his tail and on sitting with some brown baskets on the left.
the mother dog is walking towards her puppy and sitting with it.
a dog is inside of the house to very enjoying in of twins
two dalmatians lie on a wooden floor and cuddle behind a curtain.
two dalmatians laying down behind some curtains
two dalmatian dogs who are about to relax together in the doghouse.
someone is watching an avalanche of rock grass, and ash.
a superheated avalanche of rocks and gas racing down the side of a mountain.
some rock's ashes and gases are produced like plant moving with nature
a huge cloud of green-colored gas being narrated with caption
a green gas has been released in a huge amount in the environment.
in this video we can see a smoke cloud racing down the mountain
a volcanic eruption with a man talking about it.
an avalanche is being talked about and shown.
documentary about a great nuclear explosion caption and narration
it explains the fumigation after the avalanche
there is a lot of military force that is being used at the moment to get peopel
there is a large group of soldiers prepared to march.
the group of people are walking through the large city.
an army clip which appears to take place in germany.
soldiers in uniforms dismissed by their superior
there are a bounce army mend in training.
an army dressed in gray uniforms stand at attention in a square formation until they are dismissed by the man standing in the middle.
military men in uniform are lined up with some marching before they all march forward.
a group of military figures stand in a square and converge toward an area in the square
soldiers at attention receiving orders to move out in half an hour.
a musical band is performing their music and dancing together
a band playing outside for a music video
a rock band playing a heavy sound and making a music video
the singers are singing a song.
a band of guys dressed in black with phosphorescent eyes are singing in a room with a night sky full of stars
a musical band's performance in the stage with playing instruments.
six men play various musical instruments with lightning coming out of their eyes.
a rock band doing their performance and the music video.
a band are performing with galaxy background and also lighten up glasses.
a group of boys performing rocking performance on a stage full of stars and black background
the tom piano playing in the screen. celeberation mood to the tom.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
in an animated clip, a rabbit is singing and playing joyfully with a violin in a well designed room.
cartoon showing the bugs bunny changing from a female outfit to put on a hat and play the violin
a cartoon character is in very happy mood and dancing
a cartoon character is dancing and playing a violin
a cartoon bunny is dancing and playing a guitar.
a bunny with a violin dances in circles.
a rabbit is dancing happily  and playing a violin.
a cartoon bunny character playing violin and dancing.
a guy's sister just got a new house, and she was excited to show him it, so he hid one of his friends in her master bedroom closet, presumably to scare her as a prank.
the person is sitting alone talking to the camera.
a person is talking in his dark car and he's talking about a prank on his sister.
a man in dimly lit car talks about an upcoming prank on his sister.
a man talking about her sister about what they had talked about
a guy talking inside of a closet talking about his sister.
a man talking about a prank he pulled on his sister in her new house.
man is talking to the camera about her sister having a new house.
a guy is talking into the camera about getting ready to do a prank on his sister in her new house.
man talking about a prank he is about to perform on his sister.
a player running in th ground and enjoy the happiness
two teams deeply played very well
a team of white and green outfit is playing rugby with a team wearing black and white outfit.
nice video of a sport particularly popular in the usa
in the rugby game between white and blue team white made a point.
players are playing rugby in the stadium and one man made the goad
the rugby game is very wonderful and interesting.
two american soccer scenes are shown, including a touchdown.
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
in the middle of an american football match, the team wearing white makes a touchdown
a guy is on stage with two kids posing for a picure as the crowds shout and camera flashes are seen
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a famous black man poses with his two children in front of the camera lens
an african origin man is waving with his two small boys.
a man kneels down next to two young children and waves at the press as they take pictures.
is a video about a movie premier or something and a man is with his sons
usher raymond, american rhythm and blues singer taking a red carpet photo shoot with his two sons.
celebrity with his two sons on a purple carpet waving to the fans
a black family with their two male children is attending a public function
a man with his kids in suit waving his hand where the audience are shouting
there is a woman who starts talking about the different periods of earth's history.
an animated model of the earth is coming in close.
a globe was focused that contains green and blue shades in it.
an animated image of our earth is zoom and pan from a distance.
zomm from afar on this planet
dark place with earth
commenting on what the land was like a long time ago.
an earth picture is being shown with zooming the image
its a picture of the earth and it is round
a woman narrates a science video about prehistoric earth.  the earth appears with a large, combined landmass surrounded by oceans.
birds are flying and a man giving his necklace to his son
a little child is flying like bird and a person is giving his cross locket chain to little child with music in background.
a character flies with the doves and finally delivers his crucifix to another character
a birds are flying in the cartoon video
a redhead girl is flying with birds and she receives a necklace  from her mother
cartoon of a child flying with kite.
a person with wings is flying with white birds. it then cuts to a man handing a necklace to a girl.
the girl with the wings is flying with the birds.
a girl with red top and white wings is flying with the birds then sitting with a guy.
a music video of a cartoon with a man and a kid.
the man enters into the mall and excited
a man in black and big black hat, and a earring singing song while taking sunglasses off.
we have a black man dressed as a cowboy for a commercial
a pop singer enjoys his songs out there in the middle.
a man wearing a black hat and black dress is coming out of the door of a mall.
a man singing a song and a model doing act on the same.
a music video of lil nas in old town road.
a man plays a role in album song with city background
a man wearing hat came out of shopping mall
a guy with fancy clothes and black hat is walking out of a building.
a person dance coaching to some group of persons
a man leads a large exercise class on the beach.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
several people in open dance class and in front of a lake
people are dancing along with a instructor to a dance.
aerobics class being taught by an professional that has a large class participating.
a group of people, led by an instructor, dance near a body of water.
group of friends are all dancing to music in open place
few people are dancing on a song near an ocean
many women exercising with zumba near the sea
this is the riffer for 10thousand dollors
a person is kneeling next to a gun on a platform.
man in bone and white t-shirt showing weapon of war.
the person is examining a gun and is talking about it.
a person is doing something.
a man biside a weapow and looking at it
a guy with white top and black cap on is showing a pistol on the floor under the sun.
gun mounted in the middle of a road beside a man in jeans, white shirt, glasses and earplug with black shoes, hat and dark glasses with a rifle in the back in the middle of nowhere
the person will be explain in shooting gum
a man wearing white t-shirt blue jeans showing riffle
the attractions of the mall of america are shown and it's price is written on screen.
children's entertainment center with slides and caves, with tables in the corner
a model of trains and railways in a cold place.
an informative video about how many dollars was necessary to build the mall of america
group of people are enjoying the rides in an indoor mall
images of the leisure area inside a mall
an amusement park with a green roller coaster
specialy created playing place for children
short presentation of amusement park with very high construction price.
a person shoot the park by using camera
two men are play guitar and sing together with six girls are dancing
# men play guitar and sing while cheerleaders dance to the left and right of them.
three man singing and playing his guitars
three men's playing kitar and singing the song with dancing girls
a music video with three guitarists and six dancers.
three musicians are singing while playing guitar with some girls.
number of females are dancing while males are playing instruments
clip of a rock band
a 3 person boy band playing guitars and singing with girls dancing in the foreground.
a music video on an all white set with three young men playing guitars and singing with several women in skirts and sweaters dancing at their sides.
a cooking tutorial describing the ingredients of podina. podina needs prepared spice mix. podina also needs one teaspoon chaat masalt. a third ingredient would be one teaspoon of namak also known as salt. you may add or put less namak to your tastebuds. after the namak, add one medium chopped onion or pyaz. finish the mix with one table spoon of hara dhania or fresh chopped coriander, one and a half tablespoon of chooped mint leaves.
a recipe for a stew with a little song playing at the bottom of the video
a person mixin food recepies all together making a food dish
there is a a cooking procedure in with a women pouring ingredients in a bowl.
different foods and spices are being added to a pink bowl
a cooking video of someone adding ingrediants to a bowl, to combine later.
a person preparing an indian dish in a bowl with putting prepared spicy masala, chaat masala, salt, mint leaves, coriander and onion chops
someone is mixing the ingredients in a pink bowl.
a person puts several different ingredients into a pink bowl.
short video of a delicious food recipe
wooden type top and old dirty rooms are ready to ocupy the girl
a long road outside a huge building with lights on
a man and a woman  enter into a big room and are discussing about something
a lady and a man is discussing about the historical place
it looks like  an old building, the walls  and roofs are damaged.
a man and a woman talking in a place that appears to be an old factory that no longer operates.
a well maintained and beautiful setting in wood tones
a high brick walled hall is being visited by a man and a woman.
two persons shoot inside the hall basement to bottom
the two journalist speaking about old memories at old memorial place
a mama penguin is comforting a baby penguin.
two clay penguins making sounds and acting silly.
a penguin sits on a rock and has his head rubbed by another penguin.
the silly baby bird is getting a head pat from the momma.
a penguin lays an egg then sits on it while he recieves a kiss from another penguin.
someone is watching a cartoon of some penguin.
the penguin is sitting on something doing tricks.
a penguin sits on a rock and enjoys the experience alot.  this is claymation
a penguin sitting or flopping on a egg or a rock as another penguin pets her.
a penguin sits on a rock and then another penguin comes into the frame and pats his head.
there is nothing whacker than a louder cracker
ferris wheel in the middle of a pyrotechnic show
number of colorful fire crackers lighting up dark sky
the night was frightened for lighting
big display of fircecrackers is being held around a ferris wheel.
very nice museum with burning crackers and background music.
a huge number of colorful crackers are fired near the giant wheel.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
there is an evening fireworks display with a large ferris wheel in the foreground.  fireworks are igniting in the sky, from the ground, and from the ferris wheel structure.
a large amount of gold and red fireworks are exploding around a round stage.
people are hanging out on the healthy, green cereal field.
two woman are walking through a field and are talking to each other.
a reporter is interviewing a woman on a large plantation. both are in the background.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
two people walking in the farm
two people are walking through the field garden of green vegetables.
we have 2 women walking in an orchard throwing seeds
the green fields full of plantations.
a interviewer interviewed by a farmer.
interview, alone, talking,day, speaking, she,  grass,  plateau
a view from the inside of a cave with bats hanging and flying around.
there are lots of pigeons on a rock and few of them are flying here and there
there are a lot of bats whispering in a cave
a large number of bat's sitting on a mountain are flying from one place to the other
there are a lot of bats in a cave and some of them are flying around and making noises.
there are thousands of bats, they are eating insects in the night and prevent crops from causing damage by those insects
a lot of bats, they are screaming and flying
a cave inhabited with several bats disturbed by an unwilling presence during the daylight
we can see a day cave full of many bats
so many bats are hanging themselves  and some are flying.
description about the crew of a borg ship from star trek
a person is explaining about some movie clip
a group of borg children confront seven of nine and talk to her.
a movie characters of a star ship performing an act.
a person is talking about the stark trek voyager episode called collective and featuring borgs
a man is talking about a movie from which is a scene shown in this clip
a man talking about a tv show while the images of the show goes on
unusually found men and a boy looking in to a lady's speech.
a scene from some kind of sci-fi movie
there are five kids dressed in robot gear is talking to a lady with drawings on her face.
one person is telling about the nature of earth
a red dot in the middle of an ocean and slowly zooming in.
there is a person who is talking about an island in the middle of nowhere.
a deep voice narrates details of the palmyra atoll as it is shown with a location dot on a colorful map.
a amn is telling about palmyra atoll and a google map is shown
a man explaining seriously about an island somewhere in the world.
there is an ocean marked by a point
in google map the pointer point on the sea
an aerial view of a huge river during night time
a video explains the island of palmra aroll.
a group of people gets ready for musical performance
musical group performs classical music in theater, with woman dressed in red highlighted by the whole team
a group of opera singers and instrumentalists led by a woman in red.
the audience attentively attends a performance by an orchestra.
in an audition hall, an orchestra is preparing to perform a song in front of the audience.
a choir band is on stage at a performance reading to perform
a group of classical musicians performing on a huge stage
a oprah group perform with a lady as the lead.
an orchestra is preparing to play; the conductor is about to start.
a band orchestra and conductor in a red outfit prepare to play a song in front of an audience.
a person decorating a vase with flowers and paint.
a woman painting roses with gold paint to decorate a vase
artist does flower painting on a vase using a brush and a spray .
a man paints a pot white color and does craft work by placing flower like decorations on it
a person is designing a vase with white flowers in a very beautiful manner
a person designing flowers jade and spraying in beautiful
a person colouring the jar and decorated the flowers
the video shows how to use creativity to create decorative objects and also earn extra income
a white vase is being decorated with flowers and the flowers are being transformed from white to pink by a lady's hand.
the person is painting the flower in the decorative pot.
person drawing a drawing with a pink pencil
someone is sketching a funny skull on paper with a lead pencil.
a person drawing a pencil cartoon in white papper
an artist is drawing a picture of a man on camera.
a person is drawing a face on paper and put a pink color on the eyes and hair.
a person is drawing a picture of squidward with soothing music.
hand with pencil draws a cartoon character - so far only a skull
a sad face person is being drawn with a pink pen.
a person is drawing some art using pencil
a person is drawing fancy squidwards face with a pencil on a scrapbook page
a man is showing & explaining some part of shooting
a man is talking about some tool which hes holding in his hand.
a man holding a metal piece to build something
a man is showing an object on a table
some one is explaining and showing something in red and silver
the person is examining a metal toy and preparing for testing it.
man handling a small piece of metal from a plastic bag
a man displays and explains about loading and test firing a miniature cannon.
metal contraptions are used to optimize an instrument in order to perform shooting tests.
a man holds a gray and red cylindrical object in his hand
this is a commercial possibly about sewing.
a woman walks into the room with lot of flower pots.
woman tending to flowers growing on the balcony of an apartment outdoors.
the balcony is looking very beautiful in flowers
the woman wearing a white romper walks through glass door onto porch to check growing seedlings.
girl in white dress stepped out onto house porch
there is a patio with various objects including some pink flowers and woman walks into view wearing white.
a lady gives an information about good seeds and bad seeds where she sows by herself.
a person walks through the door and starts talking about sewing.
a young lady is promoting planting and showing many plants to be sewn or grown.
people who are armed and wearing ancient dresses running, riding horses and fighting with swords.
guys with cloaks and armours are fighting with sword on their horses.
hero and villain are fighting in this scenes
a group of men going for a war in aforest
people are fighting with each other with weapons.
number of people are engaged in severe battle
scene from a medieval film.
this video is a trailer from the movie king arthur and there are many people running in a forest
a war is taking place in the movie and a person is reviewing the scene.
disarray and war between two clans riding horses.
a person giving the gaming instruction for long distance play.
a man is playing a video game with rocket flying.
the person flying a plane in the game and explaining it.
this video shows a demo or a gameplay of a video game in which the player uses a bird
the man presenting the mobile game.
aerial image of a large green area combined with a large sea area within a game
a gaming character flying over green terrain very fast.
a video showing the area
a drone is flying in the game over the trees and places.
looking global fully natural capture the picture in flight.
in a house  a conour bird is playing with the paper,picking it and jumping.
the bid is having fun and play with the large disposable towel.
a wbird is hopping while holding a piece of paper in its beak and bobbing up and down.
a parrots junps up and down with a paper towel.
a cockatiel jumping with a piece of paper in its beak.
bird has fun jumping while holding a plastic with its beak.
one bird is picking paper on his beak and moving around the room
a parrot pick up the paper sheet in our mouth and jumping the floor
a multicolor bird bounces up and down on a wood floor while clutching a paper towel in its beak.
a parrot hopping on the floor paper in his mourh.
six mens are dancing in a room
a group of people dancing and explaining the steps
7 boys are dancing in a practice room and a text is rolling about the steps
seven guys praticing dancing in a room with a wooden floor
boys are practiced in dance class
people are practicing hip hop dance in the practice room
they are group dancing, and three types of dancing
a group of young men are doing a dance routine on a hard wood floor with music playing.
the group of dancers are dancing to a song in a studio.
seven boys practicing a dance on dance floor.
they is a guy talking about a pillow how soft and durable it is.
a man is touching a pillow and giving a review of it. he says it is thick and soft.
the person is folding the pillow and squeezing it.
a man is trying out a new pillow that he got through a good review and sqieezed it alot
a man squeezes a white and blue pillow to show it is thick and soft.
a man holds a teal and white pillow and talks about the quality of the pillow
a man squeezes a pillow and describes positive characteristics of the pillow.
a man squeezes a pillow while talking about how it feels.
a man trying to demonstrate the quality of a pillow
a man is feeling a thick and soft pillow.
cartoon of sponge bob walking with his friend and they collide with a mailbox
spongebob and patrick estrela walk sad and careless until they bump into a mailbox
cartoon segment of spongebob and his friend moping around and then running into mrs. tentacles' mailbox.
sponge bob and patrick walking towards mr.tentacles house
two cartoon character singing and walking till they hit a mail box.
bobo sponge and his colleague walking and hitting a mailbox
in a cartoon film an unusual yellow head figure walking with his father and clash a mail box.
two cartoon characters walking and speaking slowdown movements.
cheese size tatoos and fingure chips are drone under the legs
scene from the cartoon spongebob.
a women is playing with her hair.
a girl with brown hair rubs her hair while on the ground.
woman crouched in a field and three people wearing masks and black clothes standing behind the woman.
distressed woman on field is witnessed indifferently by unsettling cult figures.
a woman in a red dress is huddled up on the ground while three scary looking people are right behind her.
there is a girl who was scared from three peoples standing back of her in black dresses
a woman wearing black dress is crying and three men stood behind her
three ghosts are supporting the day in pink.
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
people in black in the background reveling in the suffering of the girl in front of them writhing in pain or fear
the animals are walking n a dry land while a person talks about them.
there are some elephants walking in the safari desert in the day time.
large animals are walking about in a vast open area while a man talks offscreen about the animals.
someone shoot the wild life animal movies in the forest
a group of animals been captured in the forest with some commentary.
animal planet explaining about the huge animals that lived in the time of dinosaurs.
wild animals graze in the savannah
there are different types of extraordinary mammals lived in earth before 65 million years ago in the north american continent.
a man commenting about wild animals roaming the north american continent.
a variety of large animals roam a dry plain.
the person is heating something on the small stove
a woman is stirring the contents of a small white saucepan while heating it on a gas burner.
a man in a blue shirt is mixing a white pot while on the stove.
a person mixes ingredients in a white pot over a burner.
peron is cooking on a stove and stiring something in a pot.
someone stirring soup on a single burner.
some one is making some thing in a white pot on the stove.
a woman turns on a stove to while stirring a small white pot with a black spoon.
a person stirs a pot of strawberries on a stove top after turning on the gas.
a person in blue is cooking food in a white pan in the kitchen. she is using an electric cooker
cartoons moving together in a video while talking to each other
a black and white drawing of a lion confronting a wolf over the carcass of an elephant
two animals are growling at each other over the corpse of a larger animal.
dire wolves are shown via old illustrations and via filmed footage. on an illustration, a saber tiger seeks to intimidate a dire wolf, while the tiger is standing on the prey.
a black and white picture of animal hunting is shown.
a man narrates an image of animals already extinct and then a wolf appears.
a lion and a wolf are competing for the huge prey lying on the ground.
a very nice painting shows wolf hunting.
a grey wolf stands fiercely over a barren field of snow.
typoon wolves were the most important preditator among all wolves.
showing a mobile game.
the person explains the gameplay of a game in the background.
the missiles and gun shooting near the bridge
an animated game video where a weapon shoots the gadgets of other persons
a lady telling the iinformation about the gadgets
in this platform fighter game many characters hover in the air and direct hits against each other.
a screen recording of a game is playing
a game with a lot of little characters fighting each other in the rather beautiful setting.
the red team is leading the  blue team in the battle
how to play in game step by instruction explain
a woman explains a story of mythology involving jason and drakon kholkikos.
a woman is explaining the history of a man who was killed and eating by a dragon
a woman's voice narrates the story of a dragon devouring jason.
one person is walking and he is killed by drakon kholkikos
a shadowy figure walks towards a tree and then a dragon eats the figure.
a dragon attack a warrior and eat him
it's a showing the vindictive power of direction
some one is describing the story with pictures about drakon khokikos
dragon follows a person and reaches a tree with hanging ghost.
a girl is telling about an alternative version of story that dragon woked up and started doing a war.
a journalist in a red jacket speaks in front of the camera about the coronavirus
a red jacketed women speak something in a mic
a female newscaster wearing a jacket, holding a microphone and reporting the news
a women in red coat is doing her professional work as a journalist and is talking about covid
a reporter with black jacket and black spectacles holding a black mic and a white van behind and some plants on the right.
a girl reporter talking about some matter in front of camera by using mike
a woaman is talking in the road with mike she is in red dress
news channel a lady describing abvout the situtation
a lady presenter with red jacket is reporting from outside.
a lady in red & orange jacket wearing glasses and holding a mike in hand
the video showing doctors operating a person on the  operation theatre
footage of two surgeons performing surgery on a patient.
a group of doctors perform a surgery on a patient.
doctors and surgeons performing a surgery in the stomach of a person.
two surgeons are operating on the face of a patient
two surgeons are doing a surgery in a woman's face.
two surgeons are performing a surgery with gloves on.
wwo doctors operating surgery on a patient's face. a song plays in the video.
accelerated recording of some doctors performing a surgical procedure
two doctors are treating the wound of a person who is on an operating table, the doctors have surgical white gloves.
red truck on a lawn with other cars distant in the background
a red car is in an open garden  and a person is talking about it from behind
a red chevy truck and it's suspension kit are discussed in a grassy area.
red colour car is standing on grass ground
red car shines just amazing on green grass
the 2014 red truck is parked on the grass.
a red ford truck sits on grass behind a building.
grassland overview center point of put the car
the car is standing in the grass.
there is a red suv from chevrolet sitting out on green grass.
clip from the television show â€œshawn the sheep.â€ sheep running in front of other sheep.
a childrens cartton with sheep animals
cartoon characters are slowing moving in an open place
sheeps are playing with the rope on the ground
a goat was playing around the area which is animated very well.
sheeps are having a leisure time at the farm in the summer.
cartoon sheep are tired and a baby sheep is running around; they are on a farm.
an old sheep is sitting in a chair while other sheep's are watching it and a small sheep is running.
an animated kids video where sheep is coming and sitting on a chair
shaun the sheep is walking with his fellow black sheep in the garden.
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
a man in black sleeveless shirt looks handsome with full of tattoos on his hand saying something.
a man in a black hoodie wearing sunglasses speaks in spanish to the camera while people walk around the backround.
a bald latino man speaks in spanish with other people in the background on a stage set.
a man wearing a glass and having a tattoo in his hands is speaking
a group of people stand behind a bald man with glasses in a metal enclosure.
man in sunglasses and black shirt is speaking
film festival arangements for actress going on the mackup room
a bald man with sunglasses is speaking in spanish
sentence 1 : a person with cooling glass explains in different language and look like movie shooting spot.
a lady is explaining how to cook bacon perfectly
perfectly cooked bacon is lying on the counter and a lady starts talking.
explanation of how to cook bacon so that it remains crunchy
the red bacon is lining out each other nicely in preparing for the meal
a man wearing an apron is going to show some cooking.
in an kitchen , someone teaching how to make bacon.
a woman is in a kitchen wearing a light green t-shirt and an apron. she is teaching how to cook bacon.
a female talking about how to cook a perfect bacon.
a woman is showing how to cook bacon.
a lady is telling about recipe
an animation showing the planets of the solar system in a weighing machine
a balance weighs different world, the stars pass in front of the earth.
an animated group of planets fall gently onto one side of a scales balancing against the largest planet on the other side while a jaunty tune plays and a happy yellow star rolls across the front of the scene .
cartoon of planets in a kind of scale, with a song playing
planets drop onto the weight as a star sings in a different language.
few planets,including earth and saturn, weighs one side on the weighing scale against a hint planet on the other side
the scales are scaling the different planets
cartoon showing planets on a scale and a giant star.
sad cartoon versions of the planets fall onto a scale suspended in space.  the picture zooms out and the moon is on the other side of the scale.  a huge bright happy yellow star zooms by in front of them.
one side of the scale falls with several planets with slightly angry faces then the whole scale appears with several planets on one side and on the other a single plant and in the smoke a dark blue sky full of stars
men are riding through the narrow streets on bicycles.
a boy in blue shirt and helmet on his head has just crossed a women on bicycle and then also left behind a car with speed
the man is riding by cycle as so fast beaten also car.
men cycling down a road with one of the men overtaking a van
someone is dangerously riding their bicycle through traffic.
a cyclist cycling very fast and overtaking a van
riding a bicycle in the middle of a busy street.
cyclist is almost run over by a van on an avenue.
a cyclist with backpack overtakes car and other cycle in road.
two persons are cycle biking to road  way, and other vehicle moving.
an animated character with glasses is talking and moving his arms.
small old man sitting on the shoulders of a larger man hatching a plan.
one cartoon character is sitting on another head and telling something
a little boy with large glasses sits above an older man.
two funny characters with strange faces having a chat.
a boy wearing red full sleeve dress with yellow cuff and broad goggles is exclaimed about his adventures
a sinister cartoon boss wearing glasses informs his cohort about benefitial developments. the boss is standing on the back of the cohort. both burst out laughing.
an old man with glasses on sits onto of a larger man and talks and laughs with him.
a old cartoon man talks to another character and they both have a good laugh.
a small cartoon man sits on a larger man's back and talks and waves his hands excitedly.
a man was explaining to a media with more technics.
old white-haired man talks to parents behind flag.
a gray hair guy talking in cnn news channel.
chief gregory mullen is telling about tragedy in charleston in cnn
a man with gray hairs sitting and saying something
the police officer is speaking in the press meet about the tragedy incident.
a police officer from south carolina is giving a cnn channel interview about the charleston tragedy.
a old man in black shirt shake his head to right and left while speaking with smile
the young chief of south carolina police is briefing about the tragedy in charleston over cnn news channel
a man is telling about a song and about the people singing together
a guy with long curly hair and blue top is singing in front of the large crowd.
the crowd is cheering for the man with guitar on the stage.
in this video a singer is pointing to all people in the concert
a rock star is performing on the stage
a man with black shirt performing a stage show
a musician make music infront of the large crowd in a stage
dave grohl from foo fighters is pointing to the audience from the stage.
a rock performer is gesturing towards a very large and energetic audience.
an artist with a guitar is performing in front of a huge audience.
foo fighters singer dave grohl pointing the audience from the stage with the guitar in his hands
a medical examiner is giving paperwork to a law enforcement officer.
policeman inspecting a case with doctor
a doctor check a dead body and written something on official paper then give that a police man.
along with a doctor police fills out a form of funeral home for a dead patient in that hospital
the person is writing something and talking about it.
a police officer get the details of the post mortem from the doctor
a person seems to be writing something with others in room
a coroner filling out paperwork for a dead body with the police.
two men are in the hospital having a great conversation one seems like a doctor in one seems like a police officer
a doctor giving statement to police about dead body
this is a review of top pics of television shows.
trailer of some news on amazon - the boys and honorable mentions
a man is talking about a tv show about to release the boys.
the boys are only singles.  the poster image is very nice.
an advertisement for the tv series the boys that features a line up of the hero's it portrays.
the title of the tv show is displayed and a person is talking about it.
a very atttractive and the animated colorful name
one men is introducing about one movie name the boys
there is a caption boys in red color font
the boys movie posters are shown with title and group of superman.
a mixing bowl is on a blue table and there is a brown spoon in the bowl.
a video of a guy talking and showing how to make a dish.
someone is in the kitchen preparing a meal
a guy is making some kind of food and explaining.
a man adds a glass of water to a mixing bowl.
there is a man cooking and holding a glass above a bowl.
a spanish speaking man is mixing a dough.
on a blue floral table cloth lies a metal bowl with a wooden spoon and a doughy paste in it, a bag of flour or sugar and other things lay behind the bowl on the table.
a man describing a bowl of ingredients with a mixing spoon and shows a water glass
a man with a white glass cup demonstrating how to cook
a snowman costume is used to scare people walking by. a duo of females is so scared one clenches her chest as the other jumps and shakes in fear.
a tall snowman on the sidewalk suprises a woman and she screams oh my god, in the background a hello philadelphia neon sighn in the storefront window.
two people walking past a fake snowman that starts to talk and surprises them
a snowman moves on a sidewalk and scares people walking by it.
while walking down a city street, two young ladies are frightened by a person dressed up as a snowman!
someone disguised as a snowman startles two women as they pass by on the street.
a woman wearing a faded denim jacket is startled by an evil looking white snowman.
the two people are scared by the snowmen.
a man dressed as a snowman surprises people walking by.
two women walk past a person dressed in a snowman costume, and one woman gets scared.
someone is looking at ncs on the computer
a music video on youtube
a youtube video is shown. the logo on the screen is ncs. simple music is playing.
a yellow circle is pulsating to the music being played.
youtube is strong some sort of advertisement there.
youtube on a computer screen with the letters ncs and a large yellow circle diplaying with music.
a online muscial presentation of a specific product.
a clip showing ncs website site with music playing in the back ground.
a video on youtube with music accompanied by a pulsating yellow circle.
this is a short you tube video with music in which ncs is the subject
small cave species walk quietly down a path with trees.
three animals are walking in line through the savannah.
an overhead video of animals trekking across the savannah is shown as gentle music plays in the background and text captions are displayed highlighting the plight of the creatures.
some bulls are heading in a line in the grassland below.
aerial view of elephants walking with intense music on the background and description of targeted for preservation and changing boxes to a film by sandra theiss
elephants are seen walking from an arial view while text appears on screen.
this is an ad for saving the elephants and stopping the trophy hunting.
a film is being shown on how trophy hunting can save species?
a introduction movie showing animals moving along the bush.
some elephants one after the other in their natural habitat.
a micky mouse jumping with friend in grass area
mickey mouse and goofy falling off a cliff into a forrest.
mickey and goofy jumping and talking to a bird in a forest.
mickey mouse and goofy jump from a hill in happiness.
famous characters mickey mouse and goofey jump down to the ground before a forest.
mickey and goofy fall to their feet, talk and walk towards the trees.
mickey and goofy chat in front of a tree
disney characters micky mouse and goofy running towards a tree.
mickey mouse and dog jumped in green field and running towards a tree.
mickey mouse flies to the grass and lands next to goofy, and he speaks shortly before goofy speaks.
an erupting volcano in black and white with lots of smoke coming out of it
a very short black and white film showing mt lassen in may of 2015
an old home video from 1915 chronicles the eruption of mt. lassen on may 22.
a black background holds a white logo of mountains and the text america's parks. a volcano spews smoke while the bottom right corner reads mt. lassen, may 22, 1915.
forest around a lake, with a view of a mountain
a volcano is shown erupting in black and white.
a volcan in eruption in the back ground as a lake comes to light.
there is a volcano with high smoke emission
america's park  video shoot on may 22 1915 from mt. lassen place
black and white old film of mt. lassen from may 22, 1915.
benny benassi music video for cinema, shows a woman walk though a plastic sheet
hot girl coming out of the plastic screen
end of a clip where there is a woman.
a women wearing a jacket and gloves coming out with a disk in hand
a  lady  enters in by moving the light blue curtain aside.
a girl wearing all black steps through a curtain holding a cellphone.
a young woman in black steps through a seam in hanging plastic sheets.  she is holding an unusual little object.
a person walks into a blue tent and then walks off slowly.
a woman with a gadget in her hand enters a white tent.
opening the scene the girl with a sign in her hand in a place that looks more like a medical cabin
a animation was well designed and played and tested.
something that look like a bat, a man with sunglasses and strange imagens.
a animation video in which various aspect of bat's flying
a bats is shown in video with various points in its bodies to tell about the aeronautics
a bat flying in the background of the video
a computer simulation tracing the movement of bats as they fly.
an animated video is playing by a man is computer
visuals of bat flying and a woman explaining about it in the background.
bats are flying and a guy is pressing the button and a bat is flying again.
a bat figure flutters in the dark, the figure has several white dots on it, a man appears with dark black glasses waving his hands.
a blonde hair women dancing with a brown hair guy in a suit.
a man and woman are talking and dancing, then the woman sneezes and the man laughs at this.
a man and woman dancing smoothly and speaking to each other.
two persons a man and a woman are giggling and the woman sneezes.
a beautiful girl and a handsome boy are dancing in a very good romantic mood with each other
a women and person sing the song and playing in dance
a person in grey shirt is making love with his lover wearing white tunic top and sporting blond hair
a woman dancing with a man at a party
a women and a guy holding each other and later are laughing loud.
a beautiful couple is having a talk while dancing in the party.
chicks of different colors are struggling in the yellow basket to come up.
a bunch of yellow and black chicks are making noise and cuddling up in a yellow basket.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a group of varying colored chicks huddled around each other in a basket.
chicks of a bird are in a basket, the animals have different colors.
a lot of little birds are trapped in a orange basket
black, brown and yellow chicks in an orange basket
a yellow basket containing two yellowish brown chicks  and 5 black chicks.
black, white, brown chicks are roaming around in a yellow plastic bucket
there is a yellow basket full of small birds. the birds are chirping. there are black and yellow birds.
a popular late night show with the host interviewing his guest
the video shows us a very old television program where there is an interview between two people
a man in a grey suit, a tie and light blue shirt interviews another man with scruffy hair who is wearing a dark suit over a beige pullover and a brown shirt.
a man wearing grey suit is taking the interview of a man wearing a black suit
a man is interviewing the other man
mens r transfer her apologies in front of the camera man
a guy with dark suit on is having an interview with a guy with gray suit on.
two mens with different dressing are speaking
two men are sitting in coat suit in a room for a show and one is interviewing the other
a talk show commentator talking to a comedian on a live show.
a person explaining how to cook in a video
a man wearing a watch places an electrical part in a piece of electronics.
a man dressed in black t shirt tells about a machine and he tries to open the packet of sd card so that he can fit it inside the machine.
a person explain about mother board processor changing method
a person is explaining to fuse an amd cpu into a motherboard. amd cpu contains pins on the cpu itself where as intel cpu contains pins on the motherboard for fusing.
a man in a black shirt is decribing how to install an amb cpu into a motherboard.
guy in black t-shirt is telling something about how to put a chip into the motherboard
a man is showing how to use a compauter.
a person is unboxing something and explaining about it
a man opens an electronic product package and picks up an electronic board
a man on a hill is playing the saxophone, during sunset.
man playing the saxophone in the clip.
a long haired saxophone player stands atop a cliff near the ocean as the sun sets.
one girl is standing on big rock and playing musical instruments
a man is playing a saxophone on a rock cliff as the sun sets behind him.
a guy is playing musical instrument by sea side
a man plays the saxophone on the top of a hill next to a deserted beach.
at sunset time near the sea .on the mountain a guy is playing saxophone.
a long haired man is playing saxophone in a mountain near seashore when sunsets.
a saxophone player blows his instrument under a moody sky.
a man is giving some instruction to two tigers
its a circus program conducted by tiger itsself
a guy with colourful top is asking two tigers to sitting up in the circus.
a man ordering two tigers to sit up straight a circus.
a man in a circus who is trying to get tigers to do shows.
a man controlling the tigers in the circus
a man dressed in blue performs a circus act with two tigers inside a cage
a presentation of a man with a tiger in the cage.
a person in blue dress with hunter teaching two tigers in a circus tent.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man is singing in front of the crowd
a boy doing a musical performance for a judge.
the person with white t-shirt and hat is singing a song on the stage.
cowboy in a talent show is performing a song in front of an audience.
a singer sings a pop sings in front of the audience.
a person with a white shirt is singing a song.
a black man singing country music into the microphone.
a black man is singing a song on the stage
a man with brown hat is singing song on the stage
a man singing enthusiasm and confidently on the competition stage in front of the judges
a red white and blue motor cycle is described by a man.
a person who is sitting on his couch is talking about a red motorcycle.
a man sitting on a sofa is describing about a sports bike.
a man wearing black dress is sitting on a sofa
motor fan on couch shares his opinion on a particular motorbike.
a man in black t shirt describes a racer motor bike named csnai unibat
the red colored bike looks amazing with alloy wheels
a man discribing a motorcycle while he is sitting on a coutch
a boy in black shirt is informing about a sports bike which is pretty cool
a sports bike is shown and a person in the inset explains about its features.
a man in a suit and tie speaking to a woman in korean.
a man is talking to a women outside in what appears to be a drama.
a man in a suit is talking to a woman with straight hair
a man in a suit talks to a woman.
an asian guy seated across the table from a lady who face is hidden is talking to her
the man wearing a black and grey pinstripe suit talks to a woman wearing a pink dress.
a man is looking at a woman and speaking to her.
a man in suit speaks to a woman
an asian man in a black suit and tie is looking at and talking to a woman sitting across from him in a foreign language.
a man and a woman having a romantic date.
a woman cutting off loose skin from her face with scissors.
a women cutting a layer in her face using scissors.
a girl cuts a layer of her skin with the help of a pair of scissors.
a women is cutting a layer of skin in her face using scissors.
a girl demonstrates a skin treatment routine using scissors.
a video shows a woman after applying the face treatment on her face , showing a brighter skin after that
someone is using scissors to cut the top layer of their skin off for a skin treatment
a woman with blonde hair and blue eyes is using scissors to cut away part of her skin after having a spa treatment that removes the top layer of your skin.
a woman is cutting her face mask using scissor in her face
girl with grey eyes is doing a skin treatment and cutting off her skin layers with a scissor to get a brighter skin.
a man is removing and repairing some electronic items
person who has to do with a can
a man fixing the bottom of a refrigerator that is certainly defective.
a person working on the fridge cooling system.
a man is unscrewing rubber tubes from an air tank.
the man tightened the top of helium.
some repair work is going on
a man opening a gas cylinder in a repair shop
a person is working on some machine
a mechanic is repairing a fridge compressor using an instrument.
soccer players on the field scoring a goal and celebrating
a man behind the midfield kicked the ball and make a beautiful goal and then neymar jr kicked make a beautiful goal as well
the players are playing the foot ball in the stadium
a man in red color team makes a goal from a very long distance and a man in white team make a goal
two team playing football in playground
the foot ball match is very interesting and the player is achieve the goal
we see xabi alonso liverpool player at that time score a nice goal from medium distance
players are playing foot ball in the stadium and a man made a goal
people playing soccer and one of them shoot the ball to the gol
the man is kicking the football for a goal.
presedential candidate looks to be happy addressing the public
speech of the candidate for president of the united states of america
hillary clinton is paying gratitude to the people for supporting her.
hillary clinton is giving the speech
hillary clinton is reporting the press meet and two men where standing behind her.
hilary clinton is in a conference and people is clapping. she begins to talk about the campaign.
coat suit aged women speaking on the stage loudly
hillary clinton refering to people who supported her campaing
america female politician makes speech alongside two men
u.s leader hilary clinton  address her election really
a boy playing football and make the goal into the frontload washing machine, in background a person drying the clothes in the hangar from washing machine
there is the boy doing some funny movements and click the ball in to the washing machine.
a person kick a ball and the ball is went into the washing machine
boy in blue training uniform kicking football into a washing machiene
a person washing machine take out the cloth other person seeing video
boy in a blue jacket and blue pants throwing the ball into a washing machine
a boy in a blue outfit kicks a ball into a hole.
a boy wearing red shoes kicks a ball into a dryer while another gentlemen folds clothes behind him.
a boy kicks a ball into a washing machine in front of a camera.
a blue dressing boy hit a ball to his washing machine hole accurately.
a young white woman talking on the phone.
scene of a woman with a phone, nervous when exchanging words with another person on the call
a scared woman is speaking to someone on the phone
the girl is face fully fear in the telephone hand. this movieclips.com.
a young woman receives a telephone call from the killer of her mother.
a woman talks on a phone with a frightened face and then curses who she is talking to.
a woman is holding a phone as she listens to the speaker, and then she responds quickly.
a women calling mobile phone and shouting
a lady is talking on the phone very worried
a woman looks shocked while holding a telephone to hear ear and a voice on the line threatens to kill her like her mother.
a man narrates while using a small barbers brush to apply product to the face of a client.
a man relaxes in a chair while having a brush applied to his face.
a man talks as someone moves a makeup brush along another man's face.
a man applies water to another man's face with a brush in preparation for an exfoliator.
a man sitting in a chair relaxed while receiving a facial.
a professional barber is instructing how to clean a face before shaving.
a man lays back as another person puts a brush on him.
the person is getting their face done by the other person.
a man sitted on a chair while he is attended at
a man is using a shaving brush to sweep over a mans face who is laying back in a chair and he is talking about applying a cleanser.
ariel shot of a road followed by road-trip distance calculated in miles and time.
a trip to the desert of san francisco with the car
green highway scenery is suddenly succumbs to a more bleak look.
a man advertises the beauty of driving through countryside and escaping the city routine
a man is describing a trip car to a national park.
someone is voicing over a video featuring a terrain
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the man is showing amazing the landscape is when traveling.
a drive through the wilderness with drive shots
a sky view of a highway is shown and a male voice is explaining it
two men covered in white flour on a stage where everyone laughs
talk show between two men soiled with flour and laughing
a talk show that has bill murray covered in cream.
there aare two people on a talk show and both of them are covered in white stuff.
the dirty white-folder guest at an unusual moment at the talkshow, everything that goes beyond what we can predict is incredible
fragment from the show where the host and the guest both are in some creamy cake
two gentlemen on a televised show. one man is standing up, while the other man is sitting down. both men have a white substance on them.
a man with grey suit is sitting and another man already sat
seated man with dirty suit and safety glasses on his head.
a man's body fully coated with cream and another man is laughing by seeing it.
the woman is sitting on the deck and working on a project.
older women talk about packages and things like that all the time
a lady surrounded by flowers with long brunette hair is opening mail on the porch.
a woman opens fan mail from fans on a sunny day.
the video does not want to load properly
a woman does a mail haul video of all the mail sent to her by her online fans.
a woman receives & opens packages while she talks about it.
a female is opening a bunch of packages and saying thanks to her fans.
a woman opening packages from the fans of her program.
a woman in black opens a package from a fan.
this is a digital poster to promote with four boys
the wall picture for four person sitting on the poster
an asian boy band with four guys on a wall
a song playing on the screen in the middle of nothing
four people with different sitting angle poster on road side
billboard of an asian band formed by 4 members, cancellation in the background.
image of four boys are shown with a background music.
as music plays, a billboard of an image of four men are shown.
image of a billboard with the image of four men, with background music
there is a billboard with featuring several different men in various positions.
a panda in a funny situation and a child laughing in the background
a panda doing funny acts and a kid laughing.
panda doing funny tricks in the tree branch while kid is laughing
panda somersaults on a branch amid children's laughter
child has fun watching a panda bear playing in a tree.
panda bear hanging from a thin branch of a tree.
a panda bear plays on the branch of a tree while a child's voice laughs in the background.
child laughing while a panda has fun on branches of a tree
a black and white panda bear is swinging on the fork of a tree branch, moving its legs
panda is playing in the tree and a child is loughing to see this
a person in a car putting his roof on.
enjoying a convertible car on a pleasant afternoon with green vegetation
a guy showing how his nice ferrari car is working
a man sitting inside the car and closes the car door upwards.
the roof of the car is being closed slowly while the driver stays inside.
showing a convertible car placing its roof protection automatically
a hood of a convertible car being closed.
there is aman drive a car on the road
a man is showing his ferrari car roof automatically closing
the car is come to the front of road. the place is nature.
one girl with black top and other with floral top are eating the burgers together.
black and white girls taking a bite from sandwiches before they get colder
two girls eating a kind of sandwich. it seems that it is very delicious
there are two girls enjoying some fast food like sandwich or burger.
two girls are having dinner each other on the table
two ladies eating their meal that contain burger ,sandwich , and some cooldrinks
the two girls eating with burger.
two females are taking a bite of a burger and enjoying it.
a woman with sandwich is eating sandwich with her friend
two women, sitting in a dining room, are eating sandwiches at a table.
a man in a black hat and suit speaks into the microphone to an audience while another man beside him with tattoos on his face and body watches
a man challenging anyone to have a bout with the heavyweight wrestling champion
an interview to a big maori fighter before a fight
a guy talking on the microphone in a wwe wrestling tv show
a guy gives a speech in front of a huge crowd.
this is the www fighting match.  the people like very well.
wwf player entering a stage and referee explaining about him
wwf is conducting in front of huge audiance
vince mcmahon from the wwe asking the audience who wants to get into the ring with umaga?
a www champion stand in the field
as a man is trying to break down the door, the woman is about to spring the trap.
a team made up of a man and a woman use green string to hold a door closed against another man.
a man is trying to open a door and it has been tied by the rope.
man trying to enter a room where the door is being pressed by a woman through a rope
two people, lock a man inside a laboratory
a man is trying to open a door that was tied opposite with some bottle which is planned to shoot out on him while opening by another male and a female
a security guard tries to open the door of a lab which is locked from in.
a policeman is trying to force his way into a locked hospital room, while the room itself is booby-trapped by nurses.
a man with black suit opens a glass door.
a man trapped by a green wire door being held by a blonde woman in a lab coat
a man in a snowy field walking away from a large green tractor.
a white man in winter jacket is walking us here through a snow filled cultivation land.
a person is walking and talking something there is also a dog in the last of video
male farmer walking on farm discussing crops planted
producer on a blizzard plantation
a man walking in an icy area and talking about him
a man wearing a beige jacket is walking in a snowy place while talking about it.
a farmer is checking the ground that he has just tilled.
a man on a farm full of snow is showing the work he did with a tractor to clear the land.
a man in a jacket walks in a snowy field and discusses what he has just plowed.
there is a song playing with various pictures of a woman playing like a slide show.
a clip with slide and pictures of a woman.
a woman in a different place and different age, she loves music.
different pictures of  a woman
a slideshow of a women with music playing.
a slide picture of a lady in black, white dress smiling
a black and white photo followed by a latest color photo and a photo taken during her young age , then a black white photo with a head set
a mesma mulher em um aspecto sÃ©rio, sorrindo, em vÃ¡rios momentos.
a slideshow of a woman with music playing in the background.
some  photos of a woman are playing slide show and a song is playing in the background
a drummer and a bass player recording in a studio
one boy playing bass and another playing drums in the background, in a recording studio
a guy is performing a song with a gutter on the stage
recording of a music video with the bassist on the spotlight wearing a black and white shirt with jeans while the drummer was behind his right
a young man is playing a long guitar accompanied by the drummer.
young adults play the same set of notes using gutairs and drums inside of a room with a very clean floor.
the black t-shirt guy plays the electrical guitar and the person behind him plays the drums.
a young man in headphones plays heavy metal music on a base, accompanied by a drummer in a large room.
a guitarist is banging his head to the rock music that he and the drummer are playing.
a guitarist plays his guitar and a drummer is also playing drums
two babies in their respective cribs on an outdoor floor with a dog together
a dog and two babies each in carseats.
two babies in car seats guarded by a dog
a dog is looking around uncertainly as it's guarding two babies lying in their carriages.
two babies are being guarded by a big bull dog
two babies and a dog are filmed to the sound of singing birds
a nice grey dog taking care of two baby twins
a large dog is watching two twin babies in their chairs
a grey and white dog sits on a patio next to two babies in car seats.
a black color dog is watching two kids
the last captived giant pandas in the world
a man talks about baby pandas in a panda habitat.
two koala bear cubs walking in the grass.
2 pandas are coming to the screem side by side
two baby pandas were crawling together
two cute baby pandas following the camera around
two baby pandas walking in sync with each other on the grass
two white and black dears walking along the farm together.
two panda cubs are walking on the grass
two captive giant pandas that have been added to a sanctuary.
a cartoon chick is chirping and swimming through greenish water while following a butterfly.
duck baby follows a butterfly while kids music plays.
the yellow duck is following the blue,black and green butterfly.
an animated yellow duck swims down a river, while a butterfly flies beside it.
some kid is watching a cartoon show with a duck and butterfly.
a yellow duckling is following a multicolored butterfly, downstream.
the duck is swimming in the pond while looking at the butterfly.
a duck floating with a  butterfly flying beside him .
an animated duck and butterfly in a pool of water
a baby yellow duck chases after a butterfly in a pond surrounded by purple, yellow and red plants and trees.
a roofer demonstrates how to nail drip edge molding during a roofing job.
some one is looking at someone fixing the floors
a man in jeans works on top of a roof
a man standing on the roof top demonstrating how to nail the drip edges in is places
a man is on a roof fixing the gutters, while wearing a tool belt.
a man nailing drip edges as needed to hold into place
a how to video about drip edges and what to do.
a roofer is putting a roof edge into place.
an explanation on how to install drip edge on a roof by a man installing it.
a man is kneeling at the corner edge of a roof while trying to install an aluminum gutter.
two white vehicles followed by a white jeep with a man and women pull into a parking area off the street.
a man drives an open-air card with a woman inside down a road, set to music.
two white vans are following eachother and two people are driving a buggy car
cars are moving past the vehicles parked on the side of the road then a man and a woman drive up
a man drives a buggy car with no top with a woman in the passenger seat.
there is a road with some white vans and a man and a woman are riding a sports car on that road.
a man drives a woman in a golf cart on a busy road.
a van is parking while a couple is riding in a jeep with the top down.
there two people driving in a highway full of traffic
a white sports utility vehicles pulls in front of a truck on the side of the road, then a young couple are shown driving an open vehicle without a top.
a man jumping from a parapet with a rope tied to his body to protect him
a person fall down in high building by using rope
a strange person falls from the top of the building with rope and few more were following that person
the person is jumping over the wall and going down with a rope.
a man is jumping from the top floor of a building with a rope
with the help of a  rope man jumping from the building
a man in black comes down from a building at night
a man jumps from the top building with rope, nice movie clip was that.
a man jumbing from the building
scene from a film where he rappels down a building.
online course offerings in india focusing on science and engineering
there is bengali looking script on a poster above teachers pictures and names that list 6pm and 7 pm and subjects of maths, gk, reasonging and english.
there is a scoreboard with two men on it in regards to sports
several menus are presented which show the time of day of educational programs of different subjects.
an academic tutoring schedule with different programs and times is displayed on shifting screens.
four men in blue shirts are shown smiling next to words.
four banners with a photograph of a man wearing a blue shirt on each banner is shown as music plays.
different people are displayed along with the time they perform.
some one is showing programs of different lessons.
the players on the soccer team are being introduced.
a man's thumb is pushing a switch on a bedside lamp.
man talks about bedside lamp while pushing button for brightness on lamp next to a plant.
the person is pressing the button on the large light bulb.
a hand presses the mode button illustrating various lighting options on a desk lantern.
a man demonstrates how to adjust the brightness on a small table lamp by pushing a button.
a man describing how a certain bulb is being controlled
the hand is on the light and the thumb is pressing on the button
a man describes and demonstrates the variety of options on a bedside lamp.
a man is showing different light settings for a bed side lamp.
a person is changing the lighting in a room by touching a control on a lamp.
a giraffe petting and protecting her baby while a woman narrates the video
a giraffe mother is giving affect on her baby giraffe
mama giraffe is touching baby giraffe with her head
a giraffe and baby both are playing in forest
a jirafa animal been playing around the baby animal in the forest.
a camel sinks its little baby, the scene is breathtaking to watch
a giraffe nursing it's young one in a park
there is a giraffe with his calf and a women explain about them.
a big giraffe is feeding on green grass in jungle
two parent giraffe walking around their young giraffe admiring it.
a girl is talking about a baby stroller.
tutorial for handling a baby chair, very practical and efficient
woman explaining the operation of a stroller with baby on board.
a woman demonstrates the swing away tray feature of a baby stroller.
the stroller is more heavier than the baby already in.
a woman is talking about a baby stroller's features.
a person, demonstrating how the open and close part of a stroller works.
a woman and kid are sitting she is showing baby chair
there is a nice lady who is assisting a baby with his seat
a lady talking about the features of a stroller.
asian man teaching how to tie knots on a green thread.
the man taking the wire to form a one type of magic.
a man in a gray shirt and glasses holds a green string.
a man explaining making another loop out of wire.
a man handling a rope while being helped by another man.
asian man making loops out of a neon yellow wire
a  man wearing grey color t-shirt and specs describes another person how to make a knot
a man showing a demo of how to make a string loop.
dialogue between people while a home manages a piece of thread
a guy with grey top and glasses is using a yellow string to make something.
a man with white paint on his face is talking.
a man who speaks and looks masked
a part of a scene in batman film with the enemy
a man with white colored face talking to the camera.
a guy with scary clown face and black suit is sitting there talking.
the joker speaking something
a scene from dark knight movie and joker saying a dialogue
the movie character with blue suit is sitting and talking.
in this video we can see heath ledger's joker at batman the dark knight
the joker in the movie joker is saying something.
its a music compilation on a stage profgram
famous singer and a group of dancers performing at a show for thousands of people
a music team performing on a ramp in front of a wide audience in a stadium.
a man is dancing and performing on stage with women as backup dancers.
a group is dancing on the ramp and the audience is enjoying.
musicians are performing in front of large crowd
a group sings and dances on stage in front of many people.
a man is dancing and some girls are dancing
a group of performers are performing a dance with a singer who is singing on the stage.
justin timberlake singing a song with four female backup dancers.
a group of wrestlers stand in a ring as confetti rains down.
three wrestlers are in the ring parading as confetti rains down.
the beginning of a professional wrestling match with 2 men and a female manager in the ring, comfetti falling from the ceiling, and an interruption by a well dressed black male wearling a white suit.
some on is watching a wrestling match.
the  blonde man wearing black  trunks and boots taunts  man wearing black tights  and holding a gold title belt.
there is a wrestler who is flailing around as there is confetti flying down from the sky.
two men fight in a ring and entertain a lot of people
a blond professional wrestler taunts a wrestler holding a champion belt.
in a professional wrestling ring decorated with confetti, two wrestlers stand while the lady screams, rematch! then there is music played over the speakers.
confetti rains down on wrestlers in the ring.
an off-road vehicle is shown, which is designed by russian engineers.
a large truck rides across the water practically in the cab
showing the truck that can ride in extreme places.
a description of a six wheeled autonomous vehicle for an expedition to the north pole.
big car moving in snow and shallow water.
a white color heavy vehicle is driven in the water on outdoor
big robust white car with 6 wheels walking in water and on ice
a big white truck is going through the ice and the water.
a huge truck is moving in a sea side with lot of water.
move to the truck in the beach, its fast moving.
a group of people on a very colorful stage are singing in a foreign language.
a female asian singing group of seven women performing on a stage
some man and woman are dancing on stage.
group of people having fun time dancing to music
sentence 1: girls are dance and singing together in a show
seven girls dancing and singing in a stage where there is alot of lights
six girls are dancing on the stage glowing with lights
group of girls performing music songs on stage
the group singers sing the song with dance in front of audience
they are all english  song singing with and group dancing.
a bat that is flying with particular attention to its wing.
a bat is flapping its wings and flying in the air outside.
man talking about bats while bats fly
there is a man that is talking about a bat and he starts talking about the wings.
the bat is flying and the person is talking about it.
a bat is flying in a yard at night
a bat flies around in a grassy cave.
a bat is shown as it is fyling around in a yard. the narrator expains that there are around 1000 species of bats.
this person is giving us a documentary about the world of bats.
morcego flying in a scenario with a lot of kill and being examined soon after a man
a virtual girl from the gta online video game is dressed in black and green, she has a yellow weapon in her hand and she is near a red car.
the photo of grand theft auto online is shown with voice over
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
it is the cover of an action game based on guns and cars. the main character is a lady whith short pink hair who is wearing a logn green coat. she is in front of a red sport car while holding a gun. on the background a city with high skyscraper is shown
a video game character stands by a red sports car with open doors.
a lady with arm standing near a sport car
a person talking in the background before beginning his live streaming of gameplay.
a man talking about a new gta game coming next week.
a woman in green jacket standing in front of the car
some cg generated content there is a red car a lady in pink hair wearing green coat holding gun in her hand
the sea with shows the name back to titanic
the sea is diving the and back to the titanic ship
waves of sea in like a big wave want sink ship
a camera is submersed into the water. after that, a title screen is shown.
blue water sea with a lots of bubbles and some text at the end in the foreground with black background.
the camera took in to waters and a text appeared on the screen
diving into the water with camera and black screen appears with text.
it is an expedition to discover the famous titanic boat. back the the titanic
under water scene with a lot of bubbles blowing out from the deep water.
a blue and white colour water in the sea is bubbling by some things.
band members are singing and dancing on stage.
two men wearing matching blue outfits sing into microphones in front of an audience.
there is a man in a blue jumpsuit and he is singing and dancing to a song.
blue magic live! singers perform a live rendition of the song what's comer over me
there are a few people singing on the stage and playing some instrument.
a group of men wearing blue and white shirts sing on stage.
a group of male singers on stage wearing silver and blue.
a group of men in silver and blue outfits sing and dance on stage
people dressed in blue singing in the stage
the band up on stage plays a song, 'whats
a boy is trying to fix a black color lamp shade in its socket but is failed to do so.
a man at a desk fidgets with his desktop lamp shade.
a man sitting in chair is examining something
a guy with grey and blue top on is talking in front of the mic in the office.
the guy is trying to assemble a black desk lamp, but unsuccessfully
a man assembles a black lamp during his vlog.
a man in blue t-shirt is attaching head of table lamp to the stand.
a man is trying to fix a lamp.
a man is ready to fit the table lamp but that is not fit
a man correcting the table lamb
a news clip shows a video of someone on top of a pyramid
a person climbing to the top of the pyramid and showing the view from the top.
man climbing to the top of an egyptian pyramid and showing the landscape from above
there are ancient earthen blocks. there is a tripod at the top. you can see a pyramid. there is a lot of desert around.
news report of a man at the top of the pyramids in egypt.
a guy just climbed up on the top of the pyramid and showed the view of other pyramids.
the scenery is shown from the top of the pyramid, and it does not suck.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a man climbed through stone steps to reach the top of the building to get a perfect view of the pyramid which is place in a deserted place.
a person taking video on other pyramid and focusing another pyramid.
an asian woman is talking about jewelry while holding up a pretty gold necklace.
a women in black top showing her skills
a black tshirt girl explains and demonstrate about the chain wearing the neck
a  beautiful girl in black dress is telling about her most favorite chain and telling about chain characteristics.
a women in a black talking about a gold necklace.
lady with black t shirt is giving a tutorial about chains.
person who wonders how to put a necklace around his neck
a girl showing a beautiful gold necklace and then putting it around her neck
a chines lady in video showing chain necklace
a woman speaking and showing a gold necklace and showing how to wear it.
a sonjg is about the lady for her beauty of nature
a guy in white dress dancing and singing a song.
a young white color shirt man is singing a song
a man singing a songs with his amazing voice
a video song is playing. a man is resting his hand on girls shoulder.
a white dressed man singing a song
a boy singing a love song about the girl.
a lady was dancing and team was very well acting for a song.
excerpt from music video - a guy with black curly hair sings
the boy sing a song with feeling alone with the two girls seeing.
a man sings into a mirror, a woman sings from a bedroom, and another woman sings from behind a gate.
a woman and a man singing a beautiful song indeed
a man and two woman are singing, separated by a gate.
the person is standing and angrily talking to someone in the dark room.
a girl and a boy are singing to one another in very high voices, the setting is dark.
three people talk among each other and there is a woman behind a gate
there are a few player singing a song.
a blonde haired woman and brown haired man sing to each other through a black wrought iron gate.
two people sing to each other between an iron gate
a group of people are singing
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
we can see a young blonde woman bored of her job
blonde woman with glasses sitting on a chair in her office looking bored
a woman is sitting in a chair at  office room and working her laptop
a blonde woman with her hair up, sitting on an office chair fiddling with her notebook
a young blond woman dressed in blue outfit is sitting and working on her laptop.
a blonde lady sitting on a chair is operating a laptop.
a young blonde woman sits in an office chair in a brightly lit room in front of a computer, looking annoyed and rolling her eyes.
a woman sits at her desk and taps a few keys on her laptop's keyboard.
a blonde woman sitting in a chair fix her glasses and touches her laptop
video of a band focusing on drummer and bassist wearing black outfit
a band playing music on a stage, highlighting the drum player, and then the bassist.
the serious answer is, a person that loves music is called a 'melophile'. ... melo means music and phile is a suffix that can be used for any word to indicate a fanatic or enthusiast. in practice or commonly we still call a â€œmusic loverâ€ to describe a person who loves music'.
a musical frament where a man is playing a bass and other is drumming
a man in black is playing a guitar.
a person wearing great pant, black t-shirt with a waistbelt is playing guitar on a stage where another man in black t-shirt is seen beating drums
a man in black shirt playing a melodious song in guitar
a young boy with black t shirt is playing a guitar in a very beautiful way
they are all participating music event and the man sings and play guitar
a musician wearing a black shirt, playing a guitar with a rock band.
a female talking to a stranger on the phone.
a girl talking to her boyfriend by using mobile phone in the car
some guy calling and scaring the girl in the video
women going in the car is speaking with a stalker who is trying to scare her
a woman is talking to someone creepy on the phone while sitting in a moving car.
a woman is talking to someone on the phone in car.
woman is in the passenger seat of the car and asks for silence to listen to who is on the phone call
a women is talking in her cellular phone in the moving car.
a girl in a movie is talking on the phone.
a beautiful lady with long black hair down her shoulder is desperately trying to listen to someone on cellphone while she is traveling in the back seat of a car.
end of introduction and start of spongebob cartoon square pants
the guitar sound and letters board on.
excerpt from a cartoon spongebob
the animated motion story picture for the small kids.
credit screen of a cartoon is shown, then various forms of sea-life is observable, as they are hanging out in an underwater bar.
a sea floor with sand, shells and water. there are job titles and names written in blue over the sand. then there are a bunch of bubbles which changes the scene to a restuarant called 'the krusty krab.
the credits of a cartoon show with background music.
titles are playing with back ground music
the end credits showing names and titles in english
a video shows the characters featured in the animated movie about to start
a cartoon character man is talking with a girl who started fighting and passes electric shock.
this video explain to the fight an men women to use  lighting
a cartoon character in red is talking to a girl who has magic power.
anime characters are exchanging words, in preparation of hurling lighting at each other.
a men and women definding with very angry
the cartoon characters with super powers are fighting.
two animated characters are fighting each other, with the latter producing lightning blasts of blue colour.
it's episode of final agni kai where two avatars are fighting. girl is showing lightening.
this is the movie watched children's like ben 10
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man wearing different type of ventilation to his nose and mouthe
a large man in a black shirt and mask promises to teach you how to make a mask on your own.
a man in a black shirt is sporting a gas mask and is talking about something through the mask.
a men with black t-shirt want to show how to make a mask.he just started recording a video about that.
a guy in black explains about making a face mask.
a man wearing a black t-shirt with an air mask in a tool room
a balck t shirt man talking in a room
fat white man wearing a black gas mask and a black shirt with various tools on the background and a captain america shield and some weapons on the right side in front of him a wooden table with a green cloth
a fat man with mask on his face, in black dress is telling about making a mask.
a man is wearing a black mask with tubes on it that he made awhile ago and talking about it.
a man wearing full sleeves shirt is seen doing a diy project of making a wall hanging with sticks, threads and paper flower.
a man showing how to make a paper craft model.
a person is making a thing  with glue and string
paper flowers are being glued to a square piece of craft work.
only hands appear in the video, showing a hand-decorated object.
man makes a beautiful wall decoration with his own hands
a person is constructing a craft figure with pink pieces.
a man is performing a craft work using artificial flowers and woolen thread.
diy of 2x2 square piece of yellow color with flowers glued in corners and central intersection
a wooden stick square a person putting glue on some piece and stick it in the middle of the sqaure
store clerk demonstrating how to place something in a storage bag.
a woman explaining a product an talking about it to the camera.
a woman is stocking the shelves and explaining about an item.
woman in a department store handles and examines a pillow.
a woman in a black blouse looks at some product
a woman in black top doing something with white cloth
woman looking through linens while shopping in a store.
a woman in a black shirt is standing in a aisle in a store holding a clothed item.
a man asking questions about product in a store.
a woman in a black tshirt is describing about household things.
a report on politics.
judges and lawyers in the court room are wearing masks discussing.
a news show shows african politicians at a meeting
two black men wearing masks are in a court room for a hearing
an old person is hearing to others in an office
men are sitting with face masks and listening to something.
court room where political opponents are discussing matters of importance.
a black lawmaker in a mask observes something off-screen, then the image cuts to what appears to be the inside of a courtroom with several people in black robes while a man narrates.
two persons are wearing mask and attend the meeting hall
gray suit client attracted by his lawyer's argument
a crowd of people in a stadium raising their hands
audience are clamping in the stadium and cheering
this video is about a music concert and about how the team make all platforms
audience is cheering. then a film crew is shown, assembling a movie set.
so many girls who are screaming happy and participating in a concert.
lots of audience shouting and jumping and a time lapse of the backstage area with some people working on some machines.
there is a crowd of excited people cheering and screaming.
a lot  of enjoying in the auditorium
a crowd of women and girls in a stadium screaming and waving during a concert
audience are cheering for the event and them showing the stage.
a man walks upon a brightly lit stage, then does a spin and continues walking.
the person is standing on the stage and singing a song.
a man walks on stage in front of a large audience.
a grey robed figure is turned back to viewer on stage with blue spot lights and people or instruments shown in background.
a performer wearing a grey outfit yells into his microphone.
someone singing a song on a stage with a full house cheering them on.
a singer dressed in a cloak turns face and walks away from the audience.
a man on a stage walks away from an audience.
some kind of performer, most likely a singer or rapper, asking the audience to put their hands up.
there is a person who is performing and they start to spin around.
a person is giving information about chinese calendar and is telling that chinese new year takes place on 2nd or 3rd new moon
calendar showing the day of the celebration of a commemorative date
informational programming about china's use of both the chinese calendar and the normal calendar the rest of the world uses.
a guy explains about the usage of a calendar from china.
a man speaks in the background while images of a calendar and decoration on the ceiling appear
the person is talking about chinese calendar with calendar displayed in the background.
a person is giving information about calender
man giving information about the chinese calendar
showing calendar and describing about days and moon
showing a calendar is changing in china lights and than - to a picture of new moon
two men in a sound booth are recording music featuring sound effects made with their mouths.  one man is bald while the other is wearing a washington redskins cap. both men have headphones and are singing into large microphones.
two man recording themselves beatboxing in a studio
two men beatboxing in a recording studio.
two singers are in a recording room and start singing.
beat box duo recording in a home studio
two persons singing the song on the recording studio
two singers are are trying to record their audios in the studio
two persons are singing a song
two musicians singing a song in record room
two men making mouth beats in a recording studio.
a little squirrel is on the ground and finds something to eat
a man narrates about this small antelope squirrel who is snacking on a piece of something from the ground.
scene of a squirrel feeding among the forest
a man describing the features of squirrels.
a guy is talking about young squirrel having fun.
a squirrel backs up and picks up something off the ground and puts it up to its mouth to eat.
a cute squirrel eats an acorn in the ground
a small brown squirrel in its habits in the wild.
a squirrel feeding itself on something in the forest
a little squirrel eating a walnut
woman doing the assembly of a stroller for babies.
a woman wearing black is setting up a baby's stroller.
two woman is showing hot to setup a baby stroller.
a broken image of a woman set to music.
advertisement of a baby stroller, where a woman is doing her assembly
a woman demonstrates how to use a stroller for a child
a woman wearing black clothing displays a green and white stroller.
a woman wearing a entire black outfit is showing a baby carriage.
a person with black dress and preparing the baby toller and fix with stand
a lady is placing a seat belt in a stroller
it is not so easy to imagine that a president or some other high office is so sympathetic that when he asks us to sit in his office, he gives us a friendly cap on his back.
sharp dressed man helps a younger sharp dressed man to take a seat on the couch in the white house.
a man forcing another one to sit in a sofa. another three persons standing by watching this.
there is a man sitt on the cushion
a man in the oval office talking to another man on the sofa with two secret service men in the room, surrounded by tv monitors.
five men dressed in formal suits are in a living room when one man directs another to sit down on a sofa and asks the man if he wanted to see him.
a man is kidnaped by a team
an old man wishes his guest to sit in a sofa
a show dramatizing a u.s. president welcoming a guest in the white house oval office.
a group of men standing around while one tries to get the other to sit on a couch.
airbus running in the onother area. flight move on
a person is telling about the delivery aircraft
an airplane, oddly shaped like a beluga whale, is making a turn on a runway.
a white airbus type airplane getting ready to takeoff of the airport.
a beluga airbus aeroplane is landing.
a beluga airbus plane shown moving on a runway bringing in a shipment.
beluga airbus is moving on the runway which is numbered 5 on the front
departure of a beluga airbus plane before take-off
white and blue plane with different beak walks very slowly on the runway.
a beluga airbus is taking turn to right
a man standing on a mountain top giving comentary about the mountain
a man is talking on the top of the hill and there is snow at the top
a description of the geological forces that formed a mountain range.
man standing on top of a mountain describing a volcanic erruption
a man speaking about volcanoes in front of a mountain range
a man wearing black clothes and cap on top of a mountain
droid footage of a man talking about a mountain, on/near said mountain which was once a volcano, which crumbled over time.
a man standing on the top of a mountain and describing his experience.
a guy in cap and t-shirt is standing on a hill top and shaking his hands.
mountain before 4000 yrs ago.
a man opened his car bannet and pouring oil.
some is pouring oil to the engine of the car with a red funnel.
a man put in the petrol with funnel in the car
a guy in blue refilling some liquid from his car
a guy in a blue t-shirt pours oil from a blue canister into a car
man pouring oil into a red funnel for a honda sedan car.
a man pouring engine oil into the engine of his honda car using a funnel and the engine oil can
a man, in a blue shirt, uses a blue jug and red funnel to fill a car engine with liquid.
a person in blue shirt with blue oil can, drop the oil in car engine.
using a funnel to fill gasoline and repairing the car
in this video we can see a brigde in the night with lights
a bridge with blue moving light all over the bridge.
the lights over the bridge are flashing with music playing in the background.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
there is a bridge and boats passing down in the night.
in the night time big bridge with lot of lights looks like a star glitters.
the lighting show is happening in a great stadium
the nigt view of a street with full of lighting
night night with dull darkness the color light rotation on a bridge with beautiful water
this is a view from upside of lights.
a green garbage truck grabs a trash can as a man sings.
a green garbage truck uses a mechanical arm to pick up and dump the contents of a blue trash can.
a green garbage truck is picking up a garbage can while a kids themed song about garbage trucks plays.
an animated green trash truck reaches its claw out to dump a trash can.
there is a green garbage truck that picks up a blue trash can and then places it back down
a cartoon depiction of a green garbage truck picking up and emptying a trash can.
a green robot vehicle lifts a dustbin can and empties it into its carrier and puts it back on the ground.
some one watching a video about garbage pickup.
a garbage truck uses a mechanical arm to pick up a trash can and empty the can into the back of the truck.
the green school bus is in the city next to the trash can.
a monkey is doing something and the boy disturbed him.
a boy watching a monkey and suddenly the monkey start baiting the boy.
the kid is watching the monkey playing his toy.
an african boy is playing happily with a baby monkey and laughing as the monkey is coming closer to him.
a boy playing with a monkey on a green bench, and someone is filming
a little boy talking and touching a monkey.
boy in a blue shirt playing with a monkey
a boy sitting on a bench is bending over to lift the monkey
a boy playing with a monkey which is eating something
boy with shirt with the symbol of the character captain america is attacked by a little monkey
a woman showing a futuristic and modernly designed room.
woman commenting in the room with various types of lighting.
two women are in a luxurious room could be
the happy girl in a room is telling that she can change the colors and the room is misterious and its like space ship.
in side amazing room one women reviewing the room and explaining to all
colored lights give the impression as if changing the overall colors of a room. a woman is amazed of the effect.
making a space for our home and very colors lights decelerate for home.
a girl presenting a futuristic hotel room with incredible lighting
video of a woman in a room showing a play of colored lights
a woman is switching on and there is a big contrast of light
two female singers singing together during a stage show.
two women, a blonde and a brunette, in formalwear performing with a band.
a group of singers are performing on a stage.
one lady in white gown and another lady in golden gown singing together on state.
two ladies holding a mike and singing a song in a stage
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a blonde woman and a brunette woman sing gala dresses
a woman in a white dress and another in a gold dress are singing on stage.
two woman wearing long dress singing a song in mic
two women including katherine mcphee sing a song on stage with an orchestra behind them.
man shooting some bottles in a large open area
a man wearing soundproof headphone shooting with two guns.
a men shooting fake animal targets
a man firing at the target with his gun
man is shooting with the gun o her point view
a man shooting targets in a open area for target practice
a man wearing black t shirt and headphone is shooting on the ground
a man practice with a gun, and he shoot a place, there also many animal statue
the person with black t-shirt is shooting at the statues.
a man is practising shooting in a open area
a male dressed in black and white is skate boarding in an enclosed area.
a young man skate boarding on an iron rail.
young man executing difficult skateboarding tricks in an indoor park.
a skateboard guy is making pirouettes on a skateboard.
a boy shows off his talent using skate board in-front of an audience.
boy on the scooter
skateboarding man is showing his performance.
a man is skating on a skating board and performs some actions.
a man is perfect in skating in a hall as others watch
skateboard person skate on the straight pipe line properly.
end of a dance performance in a reality show, comparers gets in to get feedback of performance.
1. in a tv show , yellow dressing girls are dancing together in a small crowd
a group of people making noice and applause in a dancing program.
a group of dancers are just wrapping up a song with the audience's applause.
a television show that people are dancing, the audience goes crazy
a group of young women in royal blue and bright yellow outfits finish performing in a room filled with flashing lights and onlookers. as they finish, a man a woman and a child run in front of them
a group of girls dancing in the stage show. the audience around the girls encouraging them by claping their hands.
a group of people dance and perform on the stage.
people are staing on a blue floot dancing while others clap around them.
a documentary of dolphine in water moving smoothly towards some plants
a baby conveys the love to the kitten.
a little boy tries to show his love for animals by kissing his pet cat.
a little asian boy with a cat bib on kisses a white black ear cat very sweetly.
asian kid is giving a kiss to a cat. the cat approves.
a boy kissing the white cate and he is very enjoying
an asian child is kissing a pet cat
there is a little boy and a cat. the little boy is kissing the kitten.
a baby wearing a bib is kissing a cat, while the cat sits there.
a kid kissing his cat and another infant sleeping with a cat.
a small asian child wearing a white bib leans over to kiss the white cat sitting next to him and the cat leans over and kisses the child.
two men sitting in a stand having a discussion.
two people are somebody speaking and laughing
chineses discussing bets, one won and the other lost
a person is expressing happiness after winning money while the other man is unhappy as he lost.
in the crowd two mens  are speaking about something very intersting with smiling
two asian men talk about money sitting outdoors
conversation between two men sitting in a place that appears to be a grandstand
i think they are enjoying some game in the stadium and the were happy
two men of asian origin talking to some people in a grandstand.
there are two men sitting next to each other among a crowd of people, one of the men has a cap and the other a vest with a shirt.
two people are romatically involved and spending quality time
on a stage a couple with gold color costume are hugging together.
girl is hugging a man in the tv show and audians clapping a lot
a man and a woman embracing with the sound of applause in the background
couple embrace emotionally on television program to applause from audience
a woman and a man have just won a dance competition and they hug.
the couple was win the stage performance that's why they both are hugging
the couple hugged excitedly as the audience cheered.
one boy and girl hugging tightly in stage
a man in a gold jacket gets to hug a hot woman on a talent show.
a girl is participating the cat walk and some others watching her
a woman is a walking for the fashion stage area and seeing the people
a girl walking in a fashion show, many are watching her performance
it's a fashion show where a blond woman walks thorough the gangway. the public is watching.
a women walk in the show infront of the audience
a blonde fashion model in a black and white dress walks down the cat-walk in front of a seated audience.
a woman is walking down a walkway for a fashion show
a lady was participate for a fashion show and she a cat walk.
an audience watches a fashion show while a model walks down the runway in a black and tan sweater dress.
fashion show - girl model go in long two-color dress
a man in a suit showcasing suitcases.
a man speaks and discusses with red and blue travelling bags to the left of him.
a man in a sports jacket talks about two pieces of luggage displayed on a table.
a man in a suit presents travel information about two suitcases.
someone is talking about some luggage and travel.
there is a lot of bags and stuff in the picture
a man in a business suit is standing and describing the desirable qualities of a line of travel luggage that is sitting on a table next to him.
a old man who is in a suit is talking about suitcases and backpacks.
a men is showing us why this luggage set is worth buying.
a man in a suit explains the advantages of different suitcase types.
a man explains how to attach fishing line to a green fishing lure
a man is demonstrating how to make a fishing bait.
the person is doing something with the thing that is there.
he is showing us how to hook up a fishing bait to the line.
a man examines a bright green stringy fishing lure and prepares it for use.
a person is taking an object and sewing something to a hook.
a man showing how to attach a fishing lure to a line.
some guy are talking about a hook and how to set it up.
a man is giving instructions on how to tie a fishing string to a fishing lure.
someone giving a tutorial on how to make a fishing lure.
a scene from the tv show the voice involving blake shelton and others listening to a candidate.
there are four judges that are reacting to a person singing a song.
there are a few judges on here who are part of a show and do a good job at judging
the group of people were judging the contest on the voice.
a guy is singing in front of a  crowd of people.
a performance group is performing for a group of judges.
judges in a tv program respond enthusiastically to a performer.
this gorup of people are singing a oldie, but goodie from the 60's.
music judges are listening to and judging a contestantâ€™s performance.
a group of four people sit in red chairs with red buttons in front of them as music plays
a man wearing black mask is speaking to the man wearing black dress
a man hugging another man in a small place, one of the men has a mask on his face and tells the other that this is not the time to be afraid.
it is scene from a movie  where the herione sees a and go through a locker
we have bane character from the world of batman injecting something into a person
a villain holding a hostage is using a detonator.
fragment from a movie about mad max with two heroes in an empty plane
a guy wearing a mask carries another guy in black suit.
a man with a black mask over his face is huddled with another man
a masked man is keeping hold of a man and pressing a detonator.
one older man holds onto another younger man who has a machine on his face.
man is saying about the door were ready,mmade for goodluck to do it
a person explaining about something to channel. he is wearing blue full hand shirt
a man in a blue shirt says about entrepreneur and business.
a man in a gray shirt explains his answer to the lady interviewwing him in the red shirt as she sits across from him.
a man is giving information
a person siting in a chair and talking to someone in his front.
a man is telling about business
a man with a blue shirt is explaining how to start a busness
a man being interviewed in an office chair.
the man is speech in some words. the man fit body in the blue shirt.
some one opened the door and entered into room and kept the bag on a table
someone is entering the bathroom with total white design
the girl go straight in bed room
a person who puts down her bag
a person sits their bag on a white ledge.
someone open the door and put bag on floor
person carrying a bag enters a small bathroom and places the bag on a shelf.
a peroson is opening a door to a bathroom, subsequently closing the door, and placing their toiletries on the shelf.
a person has entered the bathroom with a purse or bag and sets it on the counter.
the person is opening the door climbing the steps and closing the door.
there is a concert happening, with a man singing.
it is an orchestra there are singer,and instrument player and lot of audiance.
a man playing drums while another guys sings. the crowd is swaying  their hands.
the singer puts the audience in ecstasy with his fabulous music accompanied by drum and guitar
a man with long brown hair sings passionately to a crowd.
well dressed man singing in a stage in frond of huge crowd
one person playing drums and another person with black dress is singing
a men with long haire sing with microphone on podium and author one  play with drum. the spectators watches carefully and splendid
a man is singing.
a blonde singer singing to the crowd and enjoying
continuous black flip of a man belong to her weight
a person gives tips on how to back flip
an athlete is practising his jump in an open ground
a man showing how to continue the backflip on the trumplin
a man is a type of trampoline excercise
a young man with a short trouser doing back flip on a trampoline
a man in a sleeveless shirt and shorts does continuous back flips on a trampoline outdoors
a guy with grey tank top is bouncing back-flip on a trampoline.
a man is doing a backflip in a trampoline.
there is a man doing backflips in a trampoline
two women in light clothes talk and stir a pastry.
two ladies are talking about muffins to their audience
two women making a recipe with a colorful pan.
two women explaining that they made muffins and ate them.
the woman in pink shirt is talking then the woman in a purple shirt talks right after she's done.
two girls in bright sweaters spend a master class on decorating objects
two girls are talking about food
two girls dressed in pink and purple clothes are sitting around the table talking about cakes
there are two women making muffins, and they like blueberrie muffins.
two females are disccuing and eating some food
man with a black shirt speaking on a road next to two luxurious cars
a person with black shirt is speaking, standing beside two cars, one of which is yellow and other is gray
a yellow and silver sports car in a desert set up side-by-side for a demonstration.
a man is standing in front of two new sports cars and explaining their differing features.
a person talking about the differences between two sports cars.
the video shows cars, two very beautiful by the way
it is a view of both car drive
a man in black shirt explains about yellow car near him.
out of town speed test of expensive sport cars.
a host explains specifications of two high-end vehicles prior to a drag race.
a news reporter in indian starts talking about hot spots.
a woman talks about the coronavirus pandemic in a foreign language.
a newsreporter speaking a foreign language shares a story.
a foreign woman is doing a news report with objects on a screen moving behind her.
a woman is discussing things on the news with a graphically projected map of land next to her.
a woman on tv is talking about covid 19.
a woman is talking about news reports for a certain part of the country
a woman wearing a red blazer speaks to the camera.
woman in a business suit talking next to an animated map of india.
a lady is telling the weather in chinese language.
there is a person talking about some strategy
a man in green t-shirt with smiling face speaking to the audience.
a guy is talking at a seminar in front of a group.
there is a person in white collar shirt talking something another people.
a handsome young man in blue and white dressing stands and talking to someone.
motivation, motivational speech, speech
a man is speaking in stage.
a person with green tshirt and speaking someone in the stage
a red-headed man in a blue shirt is talking to an audience via a headset.
a grey colour shirt person speaking on the  stage
there are cars and trucks moving on the road
a strong wind is blowing away the roof of a truck.
storm is going on and vehicles are moving on road.
the road of highway is very heavy rain and air.
through the view of a moving car, cars and trucks travel along a street on a windy day.
cars and trucks in traffic with very strong salable that pulls cargo from one of the trucks
video of a strong gale on a highway
strong wind on the highway blows away from the truck
cars sitting in traffic while extreme winds blow debris across the road.
a heavy wind passing the road many cars and trucks on the road.
the person in video telling about his jacket
a boy with green colored jacket is telling about his jacket and telling that from where one can buy these types of  jackets
a man wearing green jacket speaking by sitting
a man wearing a green jacket with yellow stripes on the collar and sleeve talking. there is a small table with a plant right behind it.
an asian man in green shirt is talking
a man sitting in a white room while wearing a green jacket is casually speaking
there is a boy in green clothes and telling something and doing some activity by hand
a guy is talking about a green jacket
a man wearing a green jacket talks about it
a young man, sitting in a nice room is talking about a jacket.
the nurse is walking toward the patient and keeping the mug on the table.
nurse is attending an old person  in the hospital bed
a nurse holds a jar of water as she walks towards an elderly woman lying on the hospital bed.
a woman in white dressing bring a cup of tea in oldman
a nurse is bringing an elderly lady a cup and a small pitcher of water.
nurse taking care of old lady in hospital
there is a nurse who is trying to treat an old patient.
a nurse offering an old lady some water in a hospital.
in a hospital ward, a nurse cares for an old woman in bed
nurse coming to the patient room and give the breakfast to the patient
a part of the film 101 dalmatians, where the dogs are dirty and someone is brooming them!
dalmatians dogs covered by dirt and a woman brooming them
there are a bunch of dogs and they are really dirty.
cartoon of 101 dalmatas with dirty hair being cleaned with a broom is playing in reverse.
little puppies are getting dirty by a broom, as the footage is played backwards.
there are puffys, some black and some are white, coming one brom suddenly and cleaning all puffys.
baby cartoon dalmation puppies getting dusted so they all look brown.
a group of puffies colouring in brush for some of person
puppy having argument and disagreeing with each other
white puppies are being painted black with a large brush.
a giraffe walks away from another giraffe almost its size towards a younger giraffe, a wall separates the two grown up giraffes.
an adult giraffe walks along a tall wooden fence to join a young giraffe.
three tall giraffes walk around the nice area
a grown giraffe walks toward a baby giraffe and begins to look over brown wooden fence.
a worried mother giraffe is trying to protect her daughter against enemies.
a clip of giraffes in a zoo, music plays in the background.
a mother giraffe walking over to a baby giraffe in a zoo enclosure.
a giraffe walks up to its baby
giraffes walking in front of a fence.
a large giraffe is walking towards a baby giraffe in an outside enclosure and you can hear soft music playing.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a dog crossed paws with a person pretending to be a cat
a white pet dog obeys and plays also shows some gestures with its owners - a lady and a gent.
a small dog lying on the floor with its paws crossed.
a cute white puppy laying on his back making an x with his paws.
white-haired dog crossing his folders following directions from his owner who is imitating a bark laughing at what happened
a puppy is giving response to the meow sound made by human being.
a white dog seeing in some off person and he raise the two legs
a small puppy is lifting its legs and giving pose to the camera.
a dog lift up its upper legs and in the background a women laughing
a women speak something to another women
it is raining and girl talking to someone and crying
a woman walks angrily to another person in the rain.
a beautiful girl is complaining to another girl in a very upset mood that she was in newyork when she saw her on television.
a brown haired girl talking to a tall blond haired man.
a lady is yelling at a woman for being in new york.
it is ranining, and two women are having a discussion. one lady has brown hair and the other has blonde hair. the brown haired lady who is facing the camera seems a bit upset with the other lady. we only see the back of the other lady's head while she is being spoken to.
a woman is speaking with a person taller than her.
two women are standing near rain, and one woman is talking, as the other woman listens.
a lady talks to a man with all angers and things.
there is a guy making cupcakes and everyone is enjoying them
some ways to make cupcake with some ingredients already being put.
empty cupcake paper is shown and then filled with chocolate and vanilla pudding.
a very beautiful presentation regarding cupcake production
a video showing a recipe
a muffin tin filled with muffin cups is filled with batter.
a empty cupcake tin is displayed informing how to fill them to make wonderful looking cupcakes.
baking tutorial of delicious cup cakes chocolate and vanilla flavored.
various forms of candy appear empty and are then filled with something that looks like chocolate.
cupcakes are being made and decorated for instruction.
two girls perform a contortionism show in a talent show
two women are standing on a stage bent over backwards.
two girls are dancing very gracefully
two girls are on a stage doing back bends while music is playing.
two exceptionally flexible women perform a routine on a stage.
2 women are bending over backwards and stretching.
lady bend her body back and hold her lower part of leg with her hands.
two girls playing with gymnasticks in the stage
dancers with gymnastics moves competing.
two ladies in stage wearing  pink and black dress performing dance
a woman wearing glasses who is being interviewed is speaking.
a woman with black skin and short hair is talking
a woman is speaking at nbc news exclusive
greens color top woman speck
black woman talking to camera about sad things
a black woman with glasses is giving an interview on nbc.
an african-american wearing glasses with blue frames and a green shirt is describing the conversation she had with a shooter.
a black woman wearing a yellow blouse talking
a black woman wearing spectacles is talking about something in a sad mood.
a negro woman is being interviewed  and she is answering the questions
a group of teenagers are performing parkour in an amusement park
several people practicing parkour in an amusement park
we are playing the most of the people.
boys are performing stunts together by jumping
few people jumping and doing stunts using trampoline.
clowns are chasing people and they are running and jumping.
there ais a group of people running over a trampoline and doing flips off the edge.
many people run and jumb in the circus field
this is a game played by mens.
people running and jumping inside the circus camp
an old man with glasses talking and other men behind him, near a texaco gas station.
some guy was talking about  the texas shooting to the media
a man speaking on the deadly texas church shooting breaking news from the parking lot of a texaco.
a old man with spectacles is giving interview
the person with black shirt is talking about a shooting in news channel.
a man is giving statement in front of media
a talking from a guy with black top and glasses about the texas church shooting.
a person is being interviewed on particular gun shoot incident by the media.
a old man wearing black shirt is giving interview to media about texas shooting
a top man explains the situation and other things to the media.
a male person talking about exchange of some social media messages of a grant request.
tv screen displayed with the particular data, and newsreader reads the news
the person explains the sentences displayed in television.
news persons explains about the current situation from the media room.
a man is giving voice over to the text appearing on the screen
a men explaine the text in a large screen
a person breif explain in the video
this video show the social media users.  unlimited social media user are there.
a man hosting a tv show reads from a screen.
someone given presentation through a projector in a hall
a man and a woman are talking in front of a red car
a girl is talking with a boy in front of a car
vintage old car was showcase and explined to a man for safe
a man and woman standing in car parking and talking
conversation about cars between a beautiful girl with long hair and a nice guy
a woman and a guy are standing in front a red car and talking.
a women in t-shirt near red car speaks to the men and to the viewers.
a lady and a man is standing in-front of lamborghini and is talking about it.
a man and him partner says something red car.
the girl and boy is standing in the screen. background red color car is occur.
there is a guy singing in the picture and does a lot of music
a man is performing stage event by singing a song holding mike in his hands
a person with some weird hair is singing a really long note.
a person singing pop music song in the stage and others playing music instruments.
a music band is performing for a song sung by a singer with nice beats.
chris cornell is singing a song in a video.
one person in baniyan singing song in mic
a man is singing a song holding a mic in his hand with a drummer playing in the background.
a man singing with a mic and a man drumming behind.
a beautiful song, very pleasant to hear and refreshes the mind.
a man is eating a sweet treat with a fork.
a person starts taking piece of food kept in plate
sandwich is being sliced with fork by someone in the plate and having it.
a fork cuts into some type of food and picks up a piece.
this shows a plate with food on it and someone cutting off a piece of the food.
a person is eating food with a fork.
in a kitchen, someone is slicing a bread carefully with eating
a fork takes a piece out of a pastry and then the person eats it.
a fork cuts into some food and then picks it up
sandwich in the plate on the table and spoon take the sanwich
a man in a black shirt golfing outside
there is an older white man wearing khaki pants and a polo shirt. he is playing golf. he swings the ball, and then the video replays in in slow motion
a man shows his good golf swing in slow motion
in a garden, a person in white pant and black shirt hit the ball.
a man uses his golf club and successfully hits a ball on the green.
the man is playing golf and he makes a big shot.
a person in black t shirt is playing golf on a sunny day
a man in black shirt hitting the golf ball with a great force and ball flew to a long distance.
a man wearing black t-shirt and white pants he is playing golf
making a play at golf.
the plane takes off from the ground
a jet fighter has take off from the ground
an airport where aeroplanes are taking off down the run-way.
military planes launch on the airport and some troops are going to the plane
some guy explaining about the jets and it's designs  and the way he took photos of that
several planes that are firing on the runway to reach the sky
a plane is taking off the ground and flying off
video of planes flying overhead.
plane taking off and flying in sky
a fighter jet takes off leaving a jet stream behind
a little girl eats a hot dog tasty
a story about a child and a man eating a potato sandwich.
there is a man and a girl on the dining table and the girl is eating a burger
a man and a girl eating at the tablet, the two of them are smiling
unshaven man laughing with small blonde girl and reporter at the end.
a person interview to the another person he is talk some technology
the person with black jacket is talking in a news interview.
in a restaurant, a girl eating her burger with good smile
a man is talking to a girl and then a reporter speaking with mike
a girl eats a hamburger with her father who is interviewed
a man wearing black shirt is singing a song in the house
a man is brushing his teeth whilst listening and enjoying a song that is playing
a boy is singing while brushing his theeth.
we can see an adult man brushing his teeth
a man in a baseball cap is listening to music and singing.
a man with black t-shirt and cap is singing a song that is being played in the radio.
a black t shirt men singing a song in the room
the radio is singing, and a man was brush for singing
a guy with black hat and dark top is singing the song while brushing his teeth.
a man is singing along to a classic country song being played on the radio.
two men wearing red vests  with grey slacks  dance in front of small gray lockers.
two woman dance practice, and one man teach to dance other man listening
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
three teenagers in school vests learn to dance to the music
as a song plays, two boys take turns showing dance moves.
two adolscent boys wearing ties and vests with emblems are dancing.
three asian men are entertaining themselves in the locker room by displaying their best dance moves.
there is three boys, one is siting and the other two are dancing
there is a man sitting on the chair and other two men are standing
one man is teaching dance to otherone and one man is sitting to watch them
a person motivation on the create new playlist
play list options contain play ,pause, shuffle, likes, share, and many more
i can see a recording of his cell phone playing music to do exercises in the gym
a person adds a new playlist to his music collection
a voice that explains
a person is describing a game and a tutorial of a game.
a person demonstrating on adding a song to a playlist.
a music platform user showing playlist creation step by step
in this video a man giving tips about gym
a guy is showing how to add the song to the playlist also put it in the right folder.
a voice is discussing the collection of a new library including maps and transcripts.
showing a diverse collection of articles in a library.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
a man talking about a few facts of a library.
some photographs and articles from a documentary are shown in a row.
the man is describing how the library has vast number of items including maps.
a commentator tells about a famous libraray which is huge and holds a wide variety of collection.
a man describing the specialty books are available in a library and pictures of transcripts scrolling side by side on the screen.
the image shows the lot of books in the video
a man is talking about things found in a library.
something so simple and easy to do, and it looks so beautiful
the red ribbon with pink dinosaur batch
a pair of hands finishing up a craftwork of pink glittery stegosaurus on a long red ribbon.
a woman holds and then puts down a pink and gray glittery dinosaur with a ribbon.
a tie with purpurine letters the word bows with pink ties
women's arms arranging and decorating an ornamental ribbon.
a vlogger crafting her viewers a pink glittery dinosaur bow.
lady is showing a crafty pink dinosaur bow made with lace
a pair of hands with gold fingernail polish unfolds a pink glitter dinosaur ribbon sash.
a woman is making a bow for a kid.
amazing ireland with amazing natures and cool whether
a grassy piece of land floats on a large body of water.
two islands being shown in the middle of the sea.
two island with colors green and blue mixed together and water was found.
two islands that give choice to the island buyers as they have two islands to work with.
man narrating something while showing an island in the sea
two islands completely full of greenery that seem uninhabited
islands are shown from a distant view. then the camera zooms in to give a closer reference.
there is a beautiful island and a man is talking about this island
there's a person who is talking about an island.
the girl with black dress is talking with the body language.
this girl saying some information to people.
a curly hair women explaining something
a woman wearing black dress singing hip hop
a women in black jacket with curly hair talking some funny.
a curly-haired girl in a black jacket talking on camera
a young girl with a long curly hair and black dressed is speaking by moving her hands.
this woman is trying to sing in front of the camera.
a girl is singing a rap over a smartphone
young woman in black dress expresses her approval of her growing audience.
planets in solar system are explaining via animations.
rhyme is singing in the background and explaining the plants and solar system
a cartoon about the eight planets with the sun in the middle.
the eight planets round in the sky
a cartoon rundown of the solar system with upbeat music.
the eight planets of the solar system are singing about their relative positions.
planets are singing song evolving round the son
they are the wonders of solar system and they are very happy with singing the songs
a cartoon solar system members are sing the song with their names
solar planets songs  are view to video channel
the lady was talking about the pressures of education.
a woman and children are sitting at a table with notebooks and books
a teacher sitting in a class with few kids and telling her experience of teaching the kids
a woman with black and white shirt is talking and near her there are three kids
a woman talking to the camera while three other people are sitting at a table in the back.
what a competive job i've gotten my self into but i love the pressure im feeling.
an asian woman talks to the camera as three children behind her look on
a woman surrounded by kids, talking about education
a teacher with white dotted black dress is saying something about her children. some of her students are sitting near her.
a women describes how there is pressure to perform in educational environments
dog is playing with himself in the sofa and catching his leg and playing
brown dog stings on the back leg and leave then wake up on the bed
a red dog is playing with his legs
a dog playing with himself, biting his shin and sneezing
puppy lying on the couch bites its own paw
a cute little dog is biting his own leg on sofa and giving funny funny looks
a funny little brown dog bites his own leg then sneezes into the camera.
the dog is biting his own leg
a brown dog bite its leg and come to normal mode
a dog seems to be irritated on something
the psy gangnam style clip, dancing with two women.
man singing and dancing in front of the camera in the middle of a rain.
a man in blue jacket and black jacket and lots of wind and white foam and some dirt and newspapers flying around.
an asian man in a black, white and blue tuxedo and sunglasses walks foward while garbage and white particles blow around him. two women in white dresses and sunglasses appear, one at each of his sides and they continue to walk forward.
a man in a suit sings in a middle of refuse
there is an asian man singing in a music video.
old classic clip from the 20th century, known as gangnam style
a male singer dancing and singing with other crew around.
a song is playing which a man is dancing with two women's.
a man dances in the wind with two girls amid flying debris.
a woman is playing golf and a man is explaining  the motions
a young blonde woman in a white shirt and pink skirt plays golf in a park.
sentence 1: a man explains how to kick a ball in golf sentence 2: there are 2 kick available pendium 1 and wrist pendium 2
a golf play is technically explained particularly pendulum action.
a girl in a golf move throwing a ball.
a girl is playing a golf in the grass
a woman is making a golf swing to be analyzed.
a woman is hitting a golf ball as a narrator is explaining how her arms are moving.
woman illustrates the ideal golf swing, with experts explaining the visual data.
someone is talking about how to play golf.
the band group with guitar is singing and playing it on the stage.
performance of four men = singers with guitars on stage
a musical team singing a song on the stage
musicians are performing in front of large crowd
a band is playing on a stage and singing
a group of musicians are standing on a stage singing and playing guitars.
a band of men with many guitars is preforming on stage
four performers performing with guitar on stage and many persons watching this.
a group of people are giving their music performance on stage with black background
a men's band singing and playing on multicolored guitars.
some one watching sponge bob cartoon on tv
spongbob follows squidward to patrick standing in front of squidward's house.
a yellow sponge cartoon character is approaching a pink starfish character
a yellow sponge and a small creature converse about the use of windows. a starfish with pants is then shown listening to their conversation.
plankton talking to spongebob about patrick
there is a sponge and plankton who is walking around a building
spong bob is talking plankton, his new friend to visit patrick star.
spongebob and plankton are taking a walk and they see patrick.
spongebob squarepants walks towards patrick the pink starfish.
a small character talks to a yellow one as they approach a pink character.
an animated special effects design with a song playing in the background.
abstract imagery is shown in a stop-motion fashion. somber music.
an animation started on blue background and some painting was done.
animated picture with background music
a variety of picture and different variety colors.
a music with design making
we see an abstract art picture that little by little shows details of the work
video with accelerated parts of the construction of an artistic design with music in the background.
computer art for people.
some graphic images are playing making the design complete
pair of older women sitting on a couch talking to another woman in an office.
scene from an asian film.
woman dressed in yellow talks while the lady in blue wears fan
three women including an old woman are sitting on a sofa and conversing with each other
two women are sittng infront of a girl and talking to her.
three women are sitting on sofa and one with yellow costume talks and other two listens to her.
there are two older ladies sitting on a couch and is talking to another person off camera.
two women sitting on sofa and sad movement inside the house
a women in yellow top is talking with somebody
two chinese women, one middle-aged and the other elderly, sit on a couch while having a conversation in mandarin with a partially visible woman.  the women are wearing pastel colored blouses and the elderly woman is cooling herself wit ha handheld fan.
3 girls riding bicycles on a path near a body of water as the words charlies angels appears on the screen
cyclists and pedestrians near a large river and the opening title charlie's angels.
three ladies are happily riding their bicycles in road
three women are riding bicycles near a river front.
three ladies riding their bikes on the road.
women riding bikes along a large body of water.
three women riding bikes along a waterfront and the charlie's angle logo appears.
three women in park ride bikes near lake
so that's what they think it's going to understand and some of the real obama's with that this is only about jim
a group of women go riding by on bicycles while music plays.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a man is acting in a movie that is unknown.
he explains important things
the man is saying the men be a part.
aa man wearing a specs is talking to someone and is talking about recommendation .
a man telling a story about his life experiences
a person speaking the full video he is wearing green tshirt
a man is talking to someone opposite to him.
a male actor wearing glasses talking intently in a courtroom.
a man with transparent glasses and a green shirt talking.
an animated penguins playing and sliding in a wooden boat
fragment from a cartoon with a penguin and his friends
a penguin and otter playing with a basket
in the cartoon do
an animated penguin in half a wooden barrel stops to talk to a grey seal behind it.
an animated video of penguin and walrus talking and laughing.
pingu slides in a sled made of a barrel. his seal friend laughs and pingu happily slides the sled over to him.
an animated penguin is speaking to another penguin sat on the basket
a penguin pushing the basket to another penguin
a boy is playing a game on the computer
a landscape with grass and trees by a lake
a landscape with many trees and a large lake
a nice green grass ground and a car parked by the roadside
a sunlight shade in middle of tree and showing a car wheel
shows the sunset under a house, with trees and grass around it. then the video focuses on the rear a red car
field with green lawn and lots of trees around a white wall then a red car emphasizing the chrome road with blue sky and green lawn beside it and lots of trees
a greenish land with many trees is there
a large green area, full of trees, preceding the appearance of a car in the image
a mowed lawn and pond with the sun rising beyond it, followed by the rear bumper of a car.
the car rides through the green landforms.
a set of hands is tying a knot in a piece of yellow string. the knot creates a loop in the string and he cuts off the excess.
a person demonstrating how to make a surgeon's loop
a person seems to be trying tricks using a thread
someone is explaining with yellow wire and scissor.
teaching how to cut and make a surgeon loop
someone cuts a yellow wire with pliers and a knot is being made.
a man putting loop in yellow color wire and cutting the excess wire using cutter.
legos are being shown in a video, very interesting
a person ties a not in a yellow string and cuts a piece off of it.
a person holding a yellow string with a knot cuts a piece of it.
lucas the spider talks about how he looks around with all his eyeballs.
there is a spider talking in a children's broadcast
a brown spider is talking.
a spider like creature with eggy eyes speaking to person expressively and jumps down searching something
cartoon showing small spider on the table talking.
an animated furry spider with huge eyeballs
a spider explains about his eyeballs and searching for his spiderweb.
an adorable spider realizes it doesn't have its net and goes to grab it under the table
an animation of a creature is speaking
an animated talking spider talks about how it has too many eyeballs
a diamond like gem placed in sand and touched with metal, it gets smoke.
the man heating a food product which is placed in the sand filled table using a rod in the hand.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
presenting a very  hot item that was just printed on 3d printer and lay on the sand
man moving on a seemingly very hot surface with a piece of iron
a man is placing a diamong with the help of a too .
aluminium foil sheet heated by the iron rod, it was in some shaped
a person controls an object that appears to be hot and needs a tool to handle it.
very hot iron object being manipulated by metal bar.
someone pulling a hard lead from a lead molding table.
a person plays violin in a dim lit room.
a woman plays a beautiful, sweet melody on her violin.
a person playing a beautiful song over violin
a violin player playing a melody with the violin.
a person plays the violin in front of a white wall and a small light in the background.
a person is playing violen beautifully in a dark background
a violinist playing a music with his violin.
person start guitar music at very emotions and strongly.
a person is playing the violin with the light coming from a table lamp.
someone plays violin beautifully.
a boat is struggling to sail in worst weather conditions
there is a ship and a boat in a big river and people in it moving the ship and boat
a white sailboat in the rough sea the strong waves throw it to a wall of rocks a rescue boat approaches to help
a great danger upcoming for these boats under water.
a boat came near shore and rescue boat is trying to help him.
a clip of a possible coast guard rescue somewhere in the ocean or bay.
they are rescuing a type of boat.
people try to rescue other people on a boat
there are two boats red and white in the sea, red boat came to rescue people from white boat.
two boats trying to rescue a small boat during turbulence.
drawing different arts on white paper youtube channel
a computer screen with the banner cartooning4kids and three windows on the right side showing drawings and cartoons.
kids are drawing the cartoons pictures ,u can watch if u subscribed the video channel.
yellow background with words written in blue, white with different fonts
the outro segment of a show aiming to teach kids how to draw cartoon characters.
there is a wonderful advertisement about drawing your own cartoons
several blocks are shown with two that have hands currently creating artistic drawings.
an introduction to a cartoon club asking the kids to join and subscribe their club named cartooning y kids.
an advertisement clip for kids to join cartooning.
subscription message to learning of cartoon drawing for kids
the light is shining on the man as he plays the violin .
a musician plays his violin for a music track with so much passion.
a person in grey shirt is playing a song on his violin
a man plays the violin in a location with the black background
a musician is playing violin on stage and enjoying it.
person playing a musical motif with the violin
man playing amazing violin with amazing music tune
a man in a button down shirt plays a violin.
a man sitting on a chair and playing a violin.
this was a clip of someone playing the violin very well.
a blue jean beautiful girl describe about the beauty tips
a white girl is talking about another girl who is in the pink image
girl talking about editing photos with her image
a girl in a video analyzing other girls by photos.
a woman dressed in pink in an environment all painted pink
not open the video so no words for sentence in the video
the lady in pink has room that is painted pink.
a lady speaking up and displaying a doll like makeup decoration.
the awarness for the image
it is a presentation of barbie.
the woman wearing an orange bathrobe applies makeup above her right eyebrow.
there is a woman putting on make up and talking.
a woman looks into a compact mirror and brushes makeup above her eyebrows while talking.
a heavily tattooed woman with very long nails wearing an orange robe applies very thick eye brows.
this woman with alot of tattoos on are focused on making herself look good
a female is applying makeup to the right eye brow in her room.
the woman is doing her makeup in the room.
a lady wearing an orange robe with tattoo on her body concealing her eye brows
a woman putting make ups on her face
a women with a lot of tattoos on her body is doing makeup and trying to make her eyebrows look perfect
one boy and girl dressed fully black colour is doing something
sentence 1 : in a movie, a lady and gentle man wear mask with black dressing speak about how to get their baby
a handsome man and a beautiful woman talking about their baby.
in an action movie, characters batman and catwomen are talking.
a scene from a the dark knight rises movie featuring an exhausted batman and catwoman.
batman panting talking to the cat woman in a room.
batman, out of breath and panting, gives instructions to catwoman.
a batman like dressed guy speaking to a women and removing his dress accessories one by one.
two young people tied black cloth around the eyes
batman and batwomen discussing the attack plan
that person is finishing a person.
a person is making a jar by using equipment
smoothening a wooden vase by connecting it to a rotator.
someone is rotating a tube and cleaning while it is rolling
some one is preparing the decorative designer peace
is a hand made glass work by a single person
a men making a glass product
a man was cleani and check the pohl barn production machine
a person from pohl barn productions is making red glass.
a red color horn shaped object placed in a machine and moving and a person using iron filing paper to file it
the largest wolf is chasing the horses and kill them
a group of animals running and a person is describing about the animals
wild life channel shows the largest wolf which hounds on a horse with its group in the forest.
wolves running to catch a deer and attack it
several grey wolves and running and are on the hunt for a caribou
in a jungle, wolf is running, one horse also running fast and many wolfs are trying to catch them.
animals are running and falling down in a forest.
a 3d representation of a wolf that turns into a band wolves hunting a horse as its prey
a large wolf and his family chasing down a animal for food
a large wolf and its pack chases down prey from behind.
a man wearing a black shirt is riding on a horse.
a man is riding a horse towards the finish line
she is commenting on a horse race.
a man riding on a white horse in a race coat does'nt sit on it insteadriding in standing position
we have a professional race horse running on a circuit
a rider is riding the horse in white color
a man is riding the horse on the track
a jockey riding a horse on a horse race track
man in a vast area walking on a beautiful white horse
a horse rider ride the horse very fastly
some one is watching a video with a girl singing.
a woman wearing a black dress sings while holding a small,white, lit candle.
blond girl singing about silver and gold with lots of lit candles
the woman is sitting by the candle drinking something.
a pretty blonde singing in a video with candles
a woman in a black dress sings while holding a candle.
a beautiful girl in black dress with candles in her hand is singing a beautiful song in beautifully decorated environment
a woman sings in a dark room lit only with candles
a woman singing  a beautiful song in a dark enjoy
a woman with blond hair sings as she walks among many lit candles.
the system is borken, needs to be changed and taken back by the american people.
some politicians are talking to the audience while a man off camera explains that american politics system is confusing for outsiders.
a commentary about the american political system showing an old video.
some guy are talking about politic today
a man narrates over old black and white footage of famous u.s. politicans talking.
someone talking about american politics while showing pictures of past presidents.
a man discusses the american political system as old black and white film showing mid 20th century presidents is displayed.
politicians speaking at a microphone in front of a crowd.
a black and white scene, with several men taking and giving a speech.
a person is commenting about the american political system over some black and white video.
hot and beautiful girl reading a book
a beautiful girl searching pages of book and telling his boyfriend that she loves to do research work.
women wearing pajamas reading book talks to someone and drops book while doing it
an actress in a movie speaking spanish.
a woman with brown hair and light eyes is lying on the bed leafing through a book and speaking with a voice over.
woman lying in bed talking and exfoliating book
a woman is reading a book and talking to someone in front of her
a lady in free hair talks with another person by searching and turning the book pages.
a woman sitting on the couch leafing through a book
in this video we can see a beautiful woman reading a magazine
a cartoon tv show showing the climax of the episode.
credits of a video appear over three cute animated cat figures, each with different colours.
three kittens on the screen and the credits of the cartoon
the titles for a animation video are playing with three cats there
animation and idea program working the carton video.
a black screen with three cartoon cata and thanks for watching on the center
an intro with black screen with three cartoon cats in the front and some words describing the vedio.
the ending title which thanks all the team of the animation picture
the end credits of an animation are displayed with music in background.
thanking viewers for watching this video and mentioning the video editor used for editing this video
a black sneakers with grey stripes having white and grey heel.
a boy with black colour dress taking shoe form the rack and telling something about it
a person showing a pair of trainers from a wall of trainers.
a man holds a shoe near a closet with a large amount of shoes, and he's conversating with another man about shoes.
a couple of people talk about an exclusive range of black, grey and white sneakers.
in a shoe shop, the shoe salesman shows a limited edition shoe.
a man choosing the ideal shoe on a store shelf
man showing his shoes collection and price and detail about it
a man explains about the quality of shoe in the store
in a shoemart a customer is selecting a shoe and the enquired the rate of it.  the rate is also said by a unknown shopkeepter.
a screen displays several companies and their stocks.
a television screen showing the latest stock prices
a television program showing data on a screen
report showing results in percentage of some companies.
there is a graphic on screen examing several different stocks in the market.
a discussion on travel & leisure stocks soar by two persons.
some data with percentage of approval in different different companies.
it is scene from grey's anatomy and  the doctors  are discussing about someone
discussion and imagery of stock improving over the last three months.
a man is talking about stock which is shown in the screen
the title of the revelation of the pyramids appears over a revolving aerial shot of the great pyramid of giza.
an introduction of a show that explores pyramids.
someone is watching a video of revolution pyramids.
old ruins are seen from above as music plays.
the words the revelatin of pyramids are flashing on the screen with pyramids
a screen show an ad about pyramids.
the inside of a crypt is shown as the screen promises to show the revelations of the pyramids.
the opening of the show the revelation of the pyramids.
a picture of pyramids are shown in order to get people watching
a title screen for a tv show about pyramids is displayed.
a couple of men in army looking fatigues (about 7 visible men) inspecting a machinery.
some soldiers prepare a military tank while others observe
some soldiers observe and control a war machine
a bunch of military/police men are looking at what seems to be a military tank of some sorts.
so army officers are inspecting equipment used in the war
several army soldiers around a battle tank
a group of men are gathered around a piece of military equipment wearing military uniforms
people are checking out a military vehicle and giving his comments
seven men wearing overalls and caps working on a train in the desert.
several men in military clothing inspect a tank or military vehicle
a warrior is talking a sword and threatening a man
a guy with pirate clothes and hat is pulling out a sword.
i honestly don't like this video very much, it's very dark
hero in ancient hat from historic movie with a weapon
scene from a pirate movie.
a man with a sword took his knife and put it down
a solider is showing his sword
white man wearing a hat and leather clothes pulls a sword in front of a boy who wears old clothes and is holding a type of cloth bag, behind him there are other men and one of them is white and fat and is wearing an eye patch and a red scarf on head
a man is taking a sword while the other person is watching it.
four are five members assembled. they are meet the night.
a cartoon grand father hanging the grand child
yellow hat old man holding a child singing a song about a farm
a man is holding a child while the song 'old macdonald' is playing in the background. the man seems to be a farmer, he got off a tractor.
an old man wearing a yellow-green cap in red checks shirt holding a baby wearing white tshirt and blue pant with a red car and some grass and trees in the background.
a grandpa holding his grandson in a musical animated video.
a man holds his young grandchild while walking around on the farm.
someone is looking at a video of o'macdonald had a farm.
a grandpa holding his grandchild getting off the tractor on the farm
a child being carried by an old bearded man in striped shirt.
an old man walking on the street holding a child
brown bear in pajamas dropped from the chair by a dark dog.
a brown bear sits on a rocking chair and falls of it because of another bear hiding under it
in a cartoon movie rat and cat are chasing one  another
cartoon character falls off the chair after sitting down without realizing that someone was under the chair
the panda some taking then the dog will be playing.
in a bedroom,tom and cherries are playing with a friends
a dog is hiding under an easy chair, when a fat teddy sits on it, due to over weight dogs escapes towards 3 ducks pulling teddy down
baby fozzy bear fell over the rocking chair.
fozzy bear from the baby muppets falls off a rocking chair.
a scene from a cartoon where a small dog makes an older dog fall from a rocking chair
rupaul, wearing a black turtleneck and black & white jacket and holding a mock children's book, is performing live on saturday night live in a skit that takes place in library.
there is a man with a giant book on his lap. this man is clearly a comedian or television personality. he seems to be describing the children's book and the audience is laughing hysterically.
a person siting in a chair and holding a book talking.
the person with checked black coat is holding a book and talking.
a man with shaved head talking in comedy show with a book in his hand.
a old person showing some book and explaining about that
the man reading a book
a fashionable black woman is wearing red sunglasses and maakes fun of a book
an african american man wearing large red glasses holding a children's book.
a black bald woman is sit and talking while holding a book that says: the secret of the old clock.
a male circus performer standing with a lion and giving it a kiss.
there is a guy who is kissing a lion and is very happy
the coach sees a lion in a circus show
the person with lion inside the cage is kissing ht elion.
dark-haired white man in blue and silver clothes next to a lion inside a huge cage on a platform on top of a globe.
excerpt from a circus performance with a lion and his trainer
a man is kissing to a lion in the circus
in a circus a man kissing a big size lion with brave heart.
a man standing on a big ball is kissing lion sitting on the same ball.
a man is showing some magic along with a lion
two boys are playing football  in a ground . one boy wore white tshirt and the other one wore black
the boy playing the foot ball.
a boy does kick-ups and shoot to the goal but misses.
a black boy playing football in a sand field, playing football and trying to score a goal
some kids are playing football on a playground.
boys playing soccer on a sand soccer field
a child is playing soccer on the beach , wearing a white tshirt.
a boy in a white t-shirt attempts to juggle a soccer ball on a beach with a white building in the background.
a little boy in white shirt and black shorts is playing football and was so close to do a goal but fails to do so.
boys are playing foot ball in a open ground
a politician stands on stage behind a podium with several american flags in the background and a cheering crowd before him.
a stage with several american flags and the audience is clapping
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
people are clapping to the man on the stage
the cnn news, clinton: trump supports clapping.
donald truimp haasd given a speech to their peoples meetings
a cnn news clip showing breaking news that trump supports nukes, and torture. the message is displayed to show that is is coming from clinton. the audience consists of well dressed men and women looking at a speaker on a podium. the backdrop of the stage has american flags. there are over 19 flags displayed.
clinton speaks in front of people in a stadium where people responds him with a mass applause
audience applause for a speech by a lady with us flag in background.
an audience applauding hillary clinton broadcast on cnn
a women in showing her dancing skills in front of others
a girl dancing the ballet and one man to continue to hold her at last
a man holding a woman who was dancing nicely in a stage.
ballet show with presentation of man and woman in black.
a girl in a black tutu is doing ballet onstage and being embraced by a man.
a ballerina in a black outfit pirouettes across the stage and ends by bending backwards on one foot.
a lady and man performing dance in a stage and many watching it
a ballerina in a grey costume performing on a large stage.
excerpt from ballet with a ballerina in a black tutu
a ballerina twirls across the stage during a ballet production.
a man with a beard rubbing something through his hair and stlying his hair.
a person in a black tshirt giving hair style tricks with styling his hair.
white man with dark beard and hair wearing a black shirt is messing with his hair combing backwards in the background an all white room with a table and a chandelier on the ceiling he raises his hand and makes the sign of 2 with his fingers
a person with a black t-shirt is styling his hair.
a man talking to himself and setting his hair
a dark-haired man showing steps to fix his hair quickly
a guy in black t-shirt combing his hair with hand.
man with beard in bedroom quickly fixing his hair.
a boy who shows a quick and easy haircut
the person with black t-shirt is styling his hair and talking about it.
as the music plays, couples are making beautiful memories.
a man and woman are walking through a building as he grabs her hand.
a man and a woman are picturized a romantic song.
indian music clip with man following woman and then watching her on a swing
a woman wearing a blue gown with a man wearing a different shade of blue shirt.
a boy and girl seems like lovers singing duet song in hindi with nature background
a black tshirt hero and blue dress heroien performing in a duet song at forest area.
a man and female playing different love scenes for a song.
this is a man and woman being romantic and enjoying each other.
a woman in a blue dress was standing next to a brick wall.
a woman wearing a red jacket and pin talks to a group.
the woman is sitting in the room and talking.
a woman in a red star trek outfit is standing speaking to others sitting down, also in star trek outfits of varying colors.
a star trek officer requesting the ship be taken to another location.
a clip of star trek, showing a woman asking for them to go to the location of certain molecules, saying that she sent the coordinates to the helm.
a female captain is talking to her crewmates on a spaceship.
a woman in red is talking to a man in red and a man in blue
a woman talking to some people in a dark room
a woman in red is explaining her plans and giving instructions.
a women with a red shirt is talking to two men.
a woman applies makeup using a small hand mirror.
the girl in the video is talking about her makeup
a woman looks into a mirror while putting on eye makeup.
a woman correct her makeup and tells about it
a woman in a green top is applying make-up with a sponge and a compact with a green plant behind her.
a beautiful girl in green silk dress is giving a make-up tutorial and doing her makeup very well
the girl wearing a green top shows how to do eye make up.
a young woman in a green top is talking about applying makeup.
a beautiful young woman in green dressing  is applying eye shadows by looking in a small mirror.
a woman holds a tiny mirror and applies makeup to her face
rose gardening tips, the man is very interested in gardening.
a person just feeling a plant in an open garden
a person points at several thorny plants withe their left hand.
one person is telling about plant of rose
a rose bush section that has been clipped and a guy offscreen is explaining roses.
there is a person who is talking about a rose bush.
a man is giving information about planet
a person is touching his hand in branch and explaining about trees
man shows stem of prickly plant that was cut at the tip
a man's hand touching the half cut plant with thorn and green leafs.
it's a tv show of interview with a guy dressing trafalgar law like hat.
actor bill murray is giving an interview in a bizarre hat.
a man wearing white hat is speaking funny
the person wearing the cap sniffs and talks in a tv program.
bill murray wears a funny hat while reciting a joke to david letterman
a cap weared men speking with another person
a elderly man is saying that he needs to pay someone
someone wearing a white with  black hat is talking to the other and he laughs
two men are sitting and one person saying joke and other person is laughing
a comedian replaying to a tv anchor on a show and brakes laughs around.
there is a pair of 350 boots v2 sofer, which is white in color.
presentation of an white adidas shoes with baby pink details
a pair of shoes is being described by someone.
a white shoe with pink is laced and placed in a mat for display
golden adidas sneakers with a black background
a pair of white shoes is being displayed
this is an ad for a pair of adidas running shoes.  the shoes are off white with pink tips and a green stripe.  the background is black.
the newest adidas white sport shoes is the one everybody must have
two shoes of beautiful design are shown and the qualities being explained.
a pair of shoes are shown over a navy backdrop as a man narrates.
a man is at the beach with a little girl in a blue swimsuit.
young child walking in the sand at a resort
some peoples are chilling in a beech.
may child and float in his arms spent with his father in a water park.
a small girl walks in a water theme park among other visitors of park.
a little girl in blue swimsuit is enjoying herself in an amusement park
a person shooting a video of a little girl and around in some park
a baby-girl runs into the pool, probably looking where to have fun.
a little child is walking through the sand at a beach resort
a little girl is walking through a water park past some reclining chairs on sand.
presenter asking to subscribe to your channel.
a man speaking someyhing in the television
three square are showing one is writting watch mor ein blue one is written  subscribe in brown and one is showing a white man tv host talking
a news anchor is describing what is available on his you tube channel.
a pesron expressed his gratitude for watching his videos and asks to see more of his content.
an elegant journalist speaks to the camera while pointing to a gray box to his right
a news reporter with black suits and tie on is talking on the show.
somebody is reading news on a tv.
a reporter is reporting and asking to subscribe the news channel
news report on youtube on sise the subscribe i'm watching the news on youtube
the boy is fixing on his motorcycle.
a boy is fixing extra tires to his orange bike
some child is fixing  his red colour bike and playing with it.
from small that one learns the trade, the love for motorcycles being passed from father to son
the kid is fixing side wheel to his bike and tapping it.
a boy with a toy hammer near a motorcycle.
the child connecting the side wheel in the bike.
there is a child and a red bike and the child has a hammer
a child is putting smal wheels in his toy motorcycle
a little boy takes his toy hammer and tries to fix a real motor bike.
a guy is trying to explain something to others
a man wearing a white t-shirt and black sport coat stand in front of a presentation paper tablet, and discusses syntax.
a man in blue coat holding a marker in his hands teaching a class
man in a black blazer describing the processes of developing syntax orders.
this man giving a sales talk.
person is teaching and writing something in the black board
a man wearing a white shirt and black blazer is making a presentation about syntax while writing on a large paper pad.
man teaching and writing something on board
a men with black colour coat is writing in board and explaining about syntax
a man is explaining something and is writing on a paper sheet.
a person applies cupcake dough to a cooking platter prior to putting it in the oven.
the bowl inside cream in the yellow. the food is taste.
someone is baking the delicious pan cakes in a very good way.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a person fill the cupcake tray and inside the oven
a hand with corn filled with batter squeezed it to the cups to make muffins
cake in the perpare ...very nice and like favor in venila
a person are making cup cakes and add stuff on top of it.
there is a person making a cup cake in the kitchen
place in the cake dough in the molds.
a man in long clothes wearing a cap on top of some construction hammering
a worker is squatting and fixing nail to a black platform.
a man does a voiceover while showing a man pulling a large object.
he is fit the plastic paper to if the nail strikes.
a man is providing instructions to viewers on a hardware project of sorts.
construction expert is amending modifications on a rooftop.
a construction worker with a backwards cap is hammering black material on the roof.
a man working construction on a roof top.
a guy in dirty jeans and black cap with a hammer and nails. he's recording himself, showing how to tack down the lining of a roof, of something he built.
man on a roof hammering down material in the sun.
a person is inserting various cables into the back of a pc.
a man explaining how to connect the ports and graphic cards cables to the motherboard of a computer showing its backside.
a computer cpu back side with a lots of usb ports and a man attaching some cables to it.
a man is three cable wire set for the computer cpu
a technician is connecting wires to the cpu
a cpu usb port explained and plug in with 3 usb cards.
its the cental processing unit to plug the wire
usb connection for make for use ready and check quality.
a person who explains about the cables fixing in computer
the man was fixing to the computer and cpu wire cable.
sitcom clip about staying at haunted house for inheritance.
the man wearing a blue sweater explains why he and his companion,who is wearing a red dress, are sleeping in a haunted house.
a man is talking, while a woman stands next to him, making faces.
a man dressed in blue and a woman dressed in orange speak to a man dressed in a grey jumper.
a man & woman standing while explaining why they're going to stay at haunted house.
a couple talking to teenager about spending the night at happy manor to get an inheritance
a man in a sweater and red and white shirt is talking while a woman in a red shirt is standing next to him.
a man speaking about his rich uncle dying and spending the night at a haunted house.
a man, who is standing beside a red-shirted woman, explains that he is going to stay in a haunted house to gain his uncle's inheritance.
two people are talking about spending a night at a haunted house.
person wearing black gloves is writing on a paper with a pen.
the person wearing black gloves is drawing resistor and talking about it.
someone is drawing in a paper which was explained by a lady who is in blue shirt
two hands wearing black gloves drawing on white paper and a lady standing in a room full of bottles.
a man with writing something on white paper with white pen
male narrative presenting a special pen.
a man drawing in white paper with pencil
it is a video about pens. the narrator informs the type of pens they can develop.
a tutorial showing an artist that has black gloves on both hands. the artist is drawing on a white piece of paper with a black pen. the narrator explains that more products can be created for the classroom usage.
some girl is talking about her store and the product she is telling
a person is explaining something of computer system on table
a man is explaining the characteristics of a box computer
pc expert showcases the key features of a customized pc body.
a person with black tshirt and explain in some electrical machine
the video has a well done edition where it intends to inform important points about the presented object
a person is briefing and thelling the specification of a device
man with dark hair and mustache giving a demonstration about how to use the fan.
a man is describing a computer tower and how good it will work.
the man opens the door of the cpu and explain the operations of the cpu in detail.
a product's owner explain about his product
windows 10 had adjustments made
a man is seating near the computer screen and explaining something
a man in a black shirt teaching a class on a computer.
the man with black dress is sitting in front of a desktop and talking something.
guy in black t-shirt is telling something on screen's backyard
a man wearing black t shirt is speaking in front of computers
a man in black shirt is giving a demo through the desktop computer.
a man in a black half sleeve shirt is showing something in the computer
a man presenting a project.
pc expert in black top sits in a chair in front of a laptop, and installs windows 10 on it.
a person giving instructions on how to install equipment
the lady try to install ball socket and stud.
inset the tools fixed in car parts
someone is using a device to fix the screw of the door.
person showing how to properly use the product
a woman teaching on how to plug a ball socket on her car
the ball socket pin in the car
a person is demonstrating how to install the body side of the support.
a subject is observed completing a vehicle repair or modification using a body side support.
instructions for the installation of a support in written instructions and the image of it is being displayed
a still shot is playing with information on how to get tickets to see insidious 3.
a poster showing indicious chapter is being shown
a lady with floral top and long hair is sitting in a cave with light shinning on her.
it is a web page giving options to view sign in, like, subscribe to know about insidious chapter 3
there is a girl who looks frightened hiding in the shadows with a slit of light streaming on her face. next to her is a lot of website information related to a movie that this scene is most likely from, with links for facebook, twitter and other social media sites.
a girl from insidious with some advertisement of chapter 3
a promotional spot for a horror movie available on the displayed tv channel.
its all about web series episode with its description
there is a woman in the painting and some text is written on the screen
a glimpse into the next chapter of a movie about to have a start date.
gamer with green shirts are walking in the dark room with torch.
this is the one type of police thief gaming.
gun attack for video game playing and attack for one women.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a guy in a video game with a gun pointing at a guy in a green shirt.
a man is pointing his gun at a woman wearing a green top and holding a rod in her hand.
a online gamer asking something to his co player.
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner
a youtuber is playing a role playing game with another player whose avatar is a girl with a green t-shirt.
a game character slowly looking around the room with a gun pointed at another character wearing a green shirt holding a sword
the man is talking into the camera to another person.
various men in business suits are shown talking and moving.
an old man talks to another person and he's questioning how long something will take.
assorted people talk about other actors in a movie.
actors explain what is going to happen in a tv episode.
someone is watching a movie about the white house.
spys grathering inform on president johnson and his administration.
alec baldwin is talking to the camera and making a statement
an elderly man wearing a red and white striped tie begins to discuss possible dramatic events unfolding at the white house.
a movie trailer plays and cuts to different men who are talking.
a woman with red lipstick wearing a black tank top with her hair to the side standing in front of a grey background wall
a picture of a woman standing by a grey background with her instagram handle .
a woman in makeup is wearing a black tank top is standing and looking at the camera.
woman with blue eyes and a red lipstick wearing a black teeth smiling at the camera
a woman in show a advertisement program for dandruff with a black dress
a woman in a black standing for an instagram photo/subscription.
to pleasant music - instagram photo of a young girl
an instagram post of woman is there pointing her body parts
this is the one type of advertisement.
a woman with tank top and large ear rings is standing still at her place.
someone is playing an electronic game that appears to be an rpg, while a male voice narrates the game.
a person narrates about an online game on how it needs to be played.
a person is explaining about a tile game
the plants vs zombies game being played.
a person explaining a video game which pays in dollars
a screen recording of a game is playing
a man talks about how to play a particular video game.
a person is teaching how to play a game.
a man is playing plants vs. zombies.
the game is very interesting.  most of the people will be downloaded.
the person is stirring the food in the pan.
a person is cooking onions and mushrooms in a pan
frying pan containing meat and onion, chopped into small pieces, is stirred with a white silicone spoon.
someone is cooking mushrooms and onions in garlic butter, in a pot.
mushrooms with onions when watching the cook stirring them in the pan we can already feel the fullness and fill the mouth with water, wonderful and delicious dish
in a medium saucepan , saute the mushroom over a low heat while stirring.
we can see a preparation of mushrooms and onions
in the kitchen mushroom with onion fries on the pan.
easy to make food in mushrooms and onion
yummy mushrooms and onions recipe is presented on the cooking show.
a boy in t shirt is playing guitar and a man lifted a kid
a boy is singing and a another boy taking a child away.
man is playing guitar and singing in a cramped looking house while another man runs into a room and picks up a baby from a crib.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a person in black is singing a song and playing guitar.
a guy playing a guitar, then a guy wearing a red shirt ran in a baby's room where the baby was crying.
music video where the guy plays the guitar in his apartment
guitarist singing a song with a loud voice and a person wearing maroon color shirt rushing in bedroom to pick up weeping child out of crib.
a man with brown hair an da mustache sings while another man runs into another room and picks up a baby.
he is sing a song with guitar.  but the baby is crying.
a man wearing black suit is standing on a platform and talking about something.
the man is giving lecture.
a man in a nice gray suit giving a presentation to the audience
a person in a black suit starts to talk and wave his hands around.
an elegantly dressed man speaks on a stage
a business man is teaching an audience on the business of selling.
a man is talking and waving his arms while holding some type of object in front of an audience.
a person with black colour coat giving speech
on the screen, a person in black suite with red tie explain something any other people.
a man in a gray suit is talking about brushing up on your sales skills.
a dark haired woman converses with another dark haired woman as they have tea.
a young girl recites all the help her grandma gave her when she got in trouble, while her dad looks concerned.
a woman checks on her phone while talking to someone.
a t.v. show with george lopez and a girl talking.
some one is watching the george lopez show.
there is a woman who starts talking about her grandmother and then everyone laughs.
two women sit on coach with coffee mugs having a discussion.
two girls are talking about the press charges
there is a girl talking to here mom and george lopez
there are two ladies in a conversation while enjoying their drinks
guy on the total white backyard is telling about how to make success in internet
a guy talks about followers on an online platform.
there is boy with black jerkin speaking in the mike about followers.
the man taking the generic advice.  he is speak well.
a white man is speaking with microphone and camera about followers and about the hardest milestone
a man talks about reaching the followers milestone on instagram
one of the hardest milestones on instagram is the one thousand photo mark.
boy is speaking about the topic of how to become a millionaire
some guy is talking about how to follow him social media and how much follower he has
a person in a dark maroon hoodie talking something then popup some letter in white colour.
a boy is coming into his room with a bed and a lot of posters
comming home after a long and sterfull day.
kid entering a room and closing the door
a kid is entered in his bedroom
tieredly came from outside and locked the door for sleep on her bed
sad kid coming back into his room feeling not so happy
a guy with green top and jeans is walking into the living room.
dropped off uniform in my messy room after practice today
one boy is coming to his room and closing door and putting his jacket and bag down on the ground
a boy enter the room.
a woman in red black was playing her violin very sweetly
a girl is playing a violin.
a young woman is playing the violin really fast and starts dancing too.
an young woman wearing red and black design sleeveless tunic is playing guitar very fast in her room
a young woman dressed in black plays a violin energetically.
a woman performs playing the violin
short hair woman and red dress plays the violin
a lady playing violin so passionately while moving her body.
a short haired woman plays the heck out of a violin in front of the windowl.
a young woman busy in playing a guitar
an asian chef is in the kitchen, preparing for a dish. enigmatic music is heard.
a chef sharpens a knife on a block on a counter.
a man in a white outfit is slicing something in a yellow kitchen and the words ove rhim say that the sushi ebisu endo restaurant has become one of tokyo's best.
a person is sharpening their knife and then greets the viewer.
a person wearing white colour chef dress is sharpening a knife on the table in the kitchen room of a sushi restaurant.
a japanese guy cutting some food to make sushi
a sushiman preparing a dish and welcoming those who watch the video
man in white clothes sharp the knife
a man in white is preparing some type of food item.
a person carpenter tools scrubbing
a man wearing a gray jacket and a pink t-shirt underneath is standing next to a man in social clothes presenting a tv show.
a presenter with black suit on is talking with a guy with grey jacket.
news programe two peoples were explining about the questions
a man been interview from a live tv channel with the camera roll.
et canada channel is playing and two hosts are talking to each other .
presenter in suit talking to young men in pink t-shirt.
in the tv channel, one man interview another man
two people have a conversation on a tv show.
two men are discussing sports in a studio, as part of a local tv program.
there is a two mens speaking in a news
a person is singing in front of a crowd
a person with green tshirt and sing the song in road side and watching the another persons
a man in a green sweater is beatboxing in front of a large crowd.
a man in green sweater making funny noises in the street
on the street, one guy is singing a song and everybody on the road watching him
a bald man wearing a green blouse performs a beat box on the street
a man wearing a green hoodie performs for a crowd.
a bearded man with a mostly bald head wearing green is making noises into a microphone.
guy doing beatbox on a microphone while other people film it
a man in green beat boxing a live road show in front of public.
five people  are dressed differently  and a person  is explaining  about their dressing
its a modelling show,where five girls are doing their ramp walk.
five women performing in a fashion competition wearing different colorful dresses
a woman is presenting her new brand collection of clothes
a woman knowledgeable in fashion discusses different styles of dress as five models walk the catwalk.
woman talking while the image of 5 models on a catwalk
five fantastic  models parade for five famous stylists
different pictures showing similar garments in different styles and colors.
5 models are showing recent cloth italian trends in a show
a woman is speaking about several outfits models are wearing.
a professional motocross event is shown, while two males narrate the event.
an announcer describing the race as two motocyclists race laps.
two mini bike racers on a track racing around a corner
two riders are racing their motorcycles around a controlled track while a commentator announces the race.
a motorcycle race with a red motorcycle and a white motorcycle, competing.
someone is watching a motorcycle racing  to see how is going to win.
two racers on motorcycles ride around a course as a man commentates
the group of people are riding on their motorcycles through the city.
mini motorcycle riders racing around sharp curves on a track.
the person is commentating how how the second person is close on the first person
a stage performance by men and women on the stage.
a kind of a opera where a lot of people is dancing
fragment from a ballet with a lot of ballerines in the forest as background
many men and women's are wearing colorful dress and dancing
costumed ballet dancers dance on a stage with a backdrop of a forest with a castle in the background.
a ballet performance with several dancers on a stage, with a painted castle and trees background.
a scene from a ballet featuring male and female dancers on stage.
a group of people dancing ballet in a theater with beautiful clothes
in a dance hall huge number of dancers are dancing with fine music.
women and men are dancing, with a beautiful scenery at the background
a lady in a lovely dress in tv show makes a funny staring at the anchor and someone from the audience shouting i love you to her and she also replays i love you too.
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
paris hilton is being interviewed by dave letterman.
there is paris hilton who respond to a fun that she loves him too
a man asking a woman questions on a talk show.
an interviewer taking the interview of paris hilton.
a blonde girl with short hair is wearing a black dress and sitting on a couch during an interview.
fragment from a show with paris hilton and she is in a black dress
paris hilton scene in an interview television program
paris hilton smiling is on dave grills nighttime tv show
someone drawing flowers using a pen on a white paper.
an arts is drawing a flower on white paper.
some draws a flower.
a person draws and image of a flower and leaves on paper.
someone is drawing a picture of flowers with a pencil.
i will show you how to draw the details in this flower.
there is a person sketching a flower in a fast pace
the person is drawing on the paper with pencil.
a person is drawing a nice picture of some kind of flower and it looks really good.
someone drawing pictures of flowers in fast forward.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a machine is arranging the products and sending it.
a factory machine moves batteries from one area and flips them into groups.
showing the manufacture of an unidentified round object, it appears to be a pile
shows an automated machine stacking products to go to the packaging machine
a machine stacking rolled coins in a factory
a machine working, gold and silver cylinders are loaded in rows of five onto a tray that holds five rows. all twenty five cylinders are then pushed together out of the machine
a machinary is packing some objects in a package
we can see a machine that produces coins and packages them
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a scene from a dramatic movie is narrated by a voice over who give spoilers regarding the plot.
a woman is walking inside a house having some misteries.
there is a woman who is walking in a dark house.
a women is walking in the dark room alone
a woman walking through an empty house in a tense atmosphere
a woman walks through a hallway talking on the phone with cynical narration over-top.
a person reviewing a horror movie and discrediting the dialogue
a woman walking through her entryway in her home while listening to someone on the phone.
a woman with blond hair wearing grey coloured tunic is walking down her living room speaking over cell phone to a man about a murder suspect
a woman is constantly wandering in a room and thinking
symphonic orchestra performance with musicians wearing white clothes.
some musicians are playing music in the auditorium
five people, all wearing white, sit in a row in an orchestra. a older woman plays a wind instrument while the others sit.
flute, an instrument so delicate and so sweet to hear, the experienced lady playing to the staff of who commands all this wonderful company of musicians
the orchestra group sitting is playing music according to the notes.
classical music performed by a symphony orchestra, in the center - a woman performs solo on a flute
a women is playing a flute. a girl is sitting besides her.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
two women in orchestra wearing white are playing the flute with other band members in the background.
piano playing is very nice and hear the music is super
a man is discussing biomes as he talks about what constitutes them and where they can be found.
an under the ocean scene fades into a map of some part of the world is shown as pictures of trees, such as the norwegians is showcased.
showing maps where we can find this three trees
fishes, landscape and trees of an forest area was outlined and explained.
the tree and nature photo graphic in the screen. the picture is nature.
the bed of the ocean and the scandinavian tiger is described and spruce, pines and birch trees are shown.
the video shows the varieties of trees located in the continent such as spruce, pines and birch. it is rich not only in land resources but also the marine life.
important place arranges and make it changes for different look.
the plants under the water are displayed and a person is talking about it.
a particular landmass is observed and discussed regarding characteristics of its water in tree landscapes.
a cat is pulling the crawling baby on the floor.
funny video where a cat is moving in own carpet by a little baby
a big black cat is holding the grey tights of a small baby wearing coloured top as the baby is crawling in his living room
a black cat lying on it's sleeping mat, holding a baby's diaper with it's claw and the baby is trying to move forward.
a cat lying in a basket holds with his nails the trousers of a baby trying to move away
a black and white cat is sitting in a basket pulling the baby by the shirt.
sentense 1: a baby try to move to another place in a home but a cat stick baby leg do not move anywhere
a cat with its claws prevents a baby from moving around.
the funny  video shows a baby who is dragging the basket with the kitty .
a cat being pulled along the floor by a baby.
a man with white sock and nike shoe telling about how much he likes them.
gray colour shoes with shocks wearing white colour
a guy is making a review about a silver nike sneaker
a gray men's sneaker worn by a man.
a man is reviewing white and grey nike sports shoes.
the white shoe is very beautiful
the picture of nike white shoes is shown and some one is speaking about them
nike shoes with white grey color and white socks
a guy has a new nike shoes on
a man wearing wearing grey and white nike shoes and white socks is standing on a marble floor.
in video they showing someone marriage picture
there is a  picture of a marriage with the couple, a woman and a boy
a photo of shaniah twain on her wedding day with the groom, a young boy and a bridesmaid, standing in front of a lattice covered in vines.
the video shows a family at a wedding, very elegant
the wedding photograph of celebrities with a lady and child is displayed.
a picture of a married couple and their children.
a man in a suit with long hair and two women with him and another child.'
photo of a wedding, the bride and a woman in red hold a large bouquet, embracing with the groom and a blond child
one photo in that one man, two ladies and one child is there
a photo of a married couple at their wedding with the kids and flowers.
music plays, while an image of a pyramid is shown in a desert-like outdoor setting.
photo of the great pyramid narrated by a female and male voice
a pyramid sits in the back while a voice speaks and the camera zooms in.
someone is coming towards a huge brown pyramid
a huge pyramid is shown zoomed in from far to close.
video giving closeup on a pyramid in the middle of the desert
a tan pyramid sitting under a bright blue sky.
showing the  video in phyramid status in sand lands
a vast desert with a great pyramid in broad daylight.
desert sands and in the background a pyramid, blue sky with some clouds.
the music was playing on the screen of the computer.
a lot of the software gets organized and moved around a lot .
on a screen, a person opens files related to music.
loading up a group of songs on my pc for the entire afternoon.
a computer desktop is being recorded showing somebody opening an mp3 file.
someone searching music in a laptop or a computer
some one is watching a video on apps for computer.
someone clicking on files on a computer, there is no music or anyone talking.
likenopark numb added to playlist on computer screen.
an mp3 file saving video application of youtube videos being used.
a show host is talking about his guest who is wearing protective goggles and is covered by a white substance like paint.
audience presenter with actor all dirty with pie.
actor bill murray is giving an interview after being spilled by white paint. the show host assures the audience that murray is a professional.
a fragment of a television show where the host and the guest - two elderly men - are in the remnants of a cream cake
a show is going . a man is talking about another man . theres foam on their body.
a man wearing goggles on his head is covered in cake and is sitting next to a talk show host.
a talk show host is covered in white food material and talking to a male guest, who is also covered in the same material.
an auditorium, where the interviewer and interviewee are all luscious in white
one old person sitting in chair and another one is saying about his to viewers
on a talk show the host and his messy guest conclude an act that was performed to a clapping audience.
two girls are talking with each other and walking in a covered passage. a boy watching these girls from first floor
two girls one white dress and the other gray colour dress are walking gently in a building garden with slight side hug.
two girls walk side-by-side under an awning
two girls walking side by side while one seems to be consoling the other one that is crying
an upset woman holds her hand up to her mouth while walking with another woman.
trailer - two girls silently walk along the building
two women walk down a breezeway while talking to each other.
two girls walking down a hall, one seems to be crying.
two girls walking and a man watching them from afar
two japanese women walking together in an open hallway to a garden and a man on the upstairs balcony looking in the distance.
white man speaks to people with usa flag decorating the back wall
a person started addressing a speech in a crowd and people started laughing
gentleman dressed in a black suit being cheered
scene of a person speaking in front of many people
a man doing a speech with an american flag behind him to a group of people clapping.
a great speech in the great gathering by a great celebrity.
an elderly white man in a tuxedo gives a political speech to a packed ballroom.
a direct speech of a politician to a crowd
a person is celebrating and many peoples are clapping with each other
an old plotician being cheered by gathered crowd
a woman using a glue gun, explains how to glue and place a ribbon on a blue bow.
a woman with jeweled nails hot glues a ribbon to a hair bow clip.
a beautiful craft work making, very useful during lock down time pass.
a woman uses a glue gun to apply hot-glue to a blue ribbon.
a woman describing how to make a hair clip.
a women is preparing beautiful hair clip with lace
a woman is making a beautiful ribbon for decoration.
in the video shows a woman fixing something important
woman teaching how to necklace a blue bow with warm cla.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a spinal card been explained in detail with wrings on the paper with images.
a man writing with a pen about the spinal cord
a hand drawing and teaching about the spinal column
a man is talking and writing about human sensory nerves on the whiteboard
some one is naming the spinal cord diagram parts
a person is writing notes on medical images with red and black pens.
a person with pen in his hand is telling about different lesions of spinal cords and he' is sketching them in a beautiful way on.a paper to teach other people about those types of lesions
resolving a test question.
a man talking over a diagram of a spinal cord and explaining the different parts.
one person is drawing each parts of spinal cord and explaining about it
an overhead shot of a grassy area with walkways and the words arts quad
the text, arts quad, floats above a beautiful neighborhood.
sunny city with extensive lawns and large trees
arts quad logo paning over a university campus
there is ground and many buildings
large buildings among green park with streets where people are walking
arts quad of a university is shown.
students walking in the road inside of campus compound.
drone view of a neighborhood with the words arts quad in the center of the screen
a place with several huge architectural constructions, fields with grasses and forests, paths for people to circulate
a man in a white shirt with blue and red horizontal stripes is dancing and singing beside a calendar that flips between the months of january and february.
a very excited middle aged man singing a song about the calendar months.
a man is dancing singing a song with the calendar.
a man is dancing and singing songs of year calendar which is displayed beside him.
a person dancing and singing about month of january and february.
guy apparently around 50 years old with a white shirts wish blue and red stripes dancing with an through a chroma key background animated with hearts in a pink color as his left size has a big calendar which changes from february to january and them back to february
see the calander and near the man speak and dancing
a old man in lined t-shirt singing a song with calendar dates and months.
a man is excitedly dancing beside a calendar while singing the months of the year.
man singing song on yearly months with beautiful voice
beside the man dressed in blue are 4 men, all holding guitars and having microphones in front of them, that begin playing their guitars and singing in front of a crowd with a backdrop resembling a red barn with the wording grand ole opry on it.
there are many guitarists and a man is playing guitar and singing
four oldish guys playing country music with guitars and singing
a group of musicians play the guitar and a man in a red shirt starts playing.
many guitarist are playing guitar in the show
a group of five male musicians are performing a country song at the grand ole opry.
five persons siting on chair and singing and performing with guitar.
musicians performing playing guitar and singing
a group of people in a band playing music with the audience clapping and cheering them on.
performance of band at grand ole opry on new hill billy channel
having a couple dancing with music in the back ground. looking so much in love on a broad walker a pier with the ocean in the background
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a straw hat on a bridge dance to melodic music
a couple kissing and dancing to the song when a man loves a woman.
a man wearing a white shirt is dancing with a woman wearing a hat near a water body and they kiss
a man and a woman are kissing each other on a bridge
a couple kissing and hugging while they're dancing together near the sea
a couple dancing to romantic music in a tourist location.
the couple was dancing to romantic music on the lakeshore.
a guy in white and a girl in skirt kiss each other.
a young couple dancing together in a wooden bridge alongside a water body.
building demolition video and a girl is speaking something
a big apartment collapse completely in a strange earth quake
residential building collapsing creating a large dust cloud
a yellow building collapsing with people nearby and with a lot of smoke
an old building is fully demolished and the white smoke have covered an entire area.
a structure collapses as onlookers view the sight in distress.
a lot of smoke and dust suddenly appearing from almost nowhere and covering the whole recording while the women screams my god in portuguese
an explosion, lots of smoke and frightened people
a very huge building is falling down to ground
a yellow builing is standing then the building is demolished and falls to the ground
a youtuber intent on recording her video in front of the camera in a bright room
a lady seems to be happily explaning something
a woman is talking in the video about job offers
a woman asking viewer to give like and subscribe to her channel
there's a woman with a nude colored vest and white sleeves. she is advertising her youtube channel.
a woman is thanking her audience for watching and asking them to rate her video.
a youtuber asking people to follow and like the video.
asian woman with dark hair with golden tips with a beige blouse with white sleeves behind her the wall is painted with white and gold stripes and on the opposite side a picture of a flower with golden frame
women with colored hair asked the people to like, share and subscribe her video.
an asian girl promotes her youtube page
a female is talking about how bats can be linked to the coronavirus.
the person is explaining the relationship of bats and covid 19
a reporter discusses bats in relation to pandemic.
the bat hangs out outside the cave and enjoys it a lot
bats are shown in different images while covid 19 is talked about.
a documentary that discusses how bats may be linked to the covid-19 virus.
a swarm of bats being claimed to spread covid-19.
a girl is talking about covid 19 from a bat.
a colony of bats fly around as a blue background with a bat drawing shows the word covid-19
this is a video about bats.
a man is folding a pink piece of paper.
a man is making origami out of a pink paper
a man is talking while demonstrating origami on a table.
a man in a black shirt and blue polka dot tie folds pink pieces of paper.
a man folds a piece of pink paper into a plane, explaining his steps.
a man demonstrates and narrates how to fold a paper airplane.
a man in black long sleeves is trying to teach us how to make a paper glider.
a man is folding a pink paper while giving oral directions.
the man is showing how to fold the paper a certain way.
the man wearing a black shirt with a blue and white tie begins to fold a pink slip of paper.
photos of a couple comparing before and after them.
two images, a couple consisting of a man and a woman appear in each
a musical video talking about different celebrity couples.
a couple in two moments, one walking on the street and the other walking on the street with a bike.
video showing a still picture of two men and two women and names listed either side of showing the picture.
some text displayed and then 2 couples photo displayed and again some text displayed
there is a man with a white tshirt and a woman close to him
video from photos of different couples with their names as jessica capshaw & christofer gavigan
one of the advertisement for shirt and many other product.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a video about a man that is speaking with a red t-shirt
someone wearing maroon t-shirt explaining in a office cabin
a bespectacled man in a red tshirt is standing and talking in front of a whiteboard
a man is starting a presentation about behavioural interviews
a man introduces information about behavioral interviewing
a guy from a website introduces himself to talk about a product of them.
a man wearing a red t shirt stood beside wall is speaking
a white man wearing a red shirt and glasses talking at his white house.
a guy doing an introduction to his video lesson of the day.
a person in a red collared shirt with glasses is talking directly to camera with office space as background setting
cars are going in a highway and two cars got rammed.
some one is recording a video from his car
people in a car seeing an accident involving two cars.
in a highway driving car two guys got to see an accident & police vehicle and one guy said that, it is a bmw.
someone is driving and witnessing a car accident ahead, where other cars are stopped and people are standing at the edge of the road.
a car accident involving two cars beside the motoway in the day time.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game  s
a man driving a car on the road
car driver has captured a video inside of her car about the cop doing
lots of cars on the road and one police car stopped on the side of the road with a bridge in the front.
report from some show behind the stage with a nice woman in black
a woman is speaking on mouth and another woman is laughing in the crowd area
a lady is interviewing in a big party house.
young woman being interviewed at a big party
a recording of a girl talking with an interviewer about justin bieber who is nearby
a reporter with a black and blue microphone interviews a woman in a black dress.
a model being interviewed in a fashion model show.
a woman with a microphone talking to another woman while they both stand in a large crowd of people.
a celebrity is speaking in a mike that the function presenter holding it.
celebrity is asked about the minisucle details of her romantic life by tabloid media worker.
two men talking while one handles a cardboard
a german soldier speaks to a man whose face is not shown.
a man in uniform talks to someone and shows them a card.
a police man speaking to another person
a soldier is showing the playing card to some one and speaking to them
the soldier talks to another person by showing a card.
he is taking with other people for rummy game.
a military man talks to another man in front of a stone building with nurses helping wounded soilders.
a man dressed in an army uniform talks to a man while they are playing cards.
a man wearing army dress showing some card to someone
a person playing shooting video game
someone is playing game, an object jumps and dip again in water
a fish in the video game jumping in the blue sea.
a game that takes place in an aquatic environment.
there is a game which is very practical to play with dolphins when going somewhere
this is the one of the shooting game.
seeing dolphins in the minecraft sea, a survival and crafting game.
it's a video game, like gta with water
a person playing a video game and dolphins are seen jumping in the video game.
video of a gamer moving around a minecraft world.
a man is talking to a juice vendor .a man is entering through some gate.
a person orders for a juice to a shopkeeper in malayalam language.
indian men are talking at a garden party with various colorful beverages in front of them.
a juice seller is talking with a customer about something in non-english language.
riyas asks for ajuice with the shopkeeper raj and keeper asks for riys's cousins . riyas replies about their arrival.
two men talking, one behind a juice stand and the other in front of it.
a scene from the indian film.
one person in skyblue colour dress is coming and asking juice
two man is fixing a drink at the bar
a man asks for the juice from the street vendor and having a chat.
a music band group performing in a concert
an old video of a country music band playing on the stage
this is a concert and a man is singing and playing guitar
a band is on stage and singing a song.
a band group is performing musical lite in a stage
a man singing on stage with his guitar and two guitarists and a violin man standing behind him in his orchestra.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
in this video we can see a man with a guitar singing a song
four artists sing on the stage while playing their instruments.
man with a belt suit and playing a guitar singing at a show together with his band
buggs bunny talks to yosemite sam while a voiceover discusses the fact that the film is widescreen.
cartoons were showed while a man talked
scene of a cartoon with explanation
cartoon clip showing a two characters in discussion
on a looney tunes cartoon, bus bunny and the colonel are having a funny disagreement.
a bugs bunny is talking with other while other person talking at background of video
two cartoon character talking with each other
the video shows a very popular design in the world and very good
a boy commenting on the cartoon where he has a rabbit and a bearded mom
a peron is speaking something and a cartoon show is running
an asian lady is singing a song in asian into a microphone with some girls dancing and clapping behind her.
there is a bounce  of chines girls singing and dancing
women sign into microphones as they perform in front of a live audience.
there are a bunch of females who are dancing and singing to a song.
girl in a white blouse singing and a few girls behind her singing with
the woman is standing in front of the crowd singing.
a korean pop singer singing live wearing a white shirt.
an asian woman in a white outfit performs a pop song in front of an audience of women.
a lady dancing and singing with more ladies behind her singing and dancing.
a girl in a white shirt and beaded necklace is singing in front a choir.
the man wearing a blue jacket fires six shots from a revolver; pauses to reload and aims the gun to fire more shots.
a man in a blue sweater in a dash with a gun makes several shots
a guy with headphone shoots gun with his right hand.
a man was getting training for to shoot in the gun.
a man with a gun shooting and reloading bullet by bullet
there's a hoem in a closed room, a headset and a firearm firing.
a pistol shooter filling his pistol after the completion of one round shooting
a blue dressed man shooting with a firearm
v-sauce fires a gun multiple times and quickly reloads it.
a guy is practicing how to shoot a gun in gun range and also loading bullets in this video
the boy is playing a violin.
man in white shirt and suspenders playing a sad song on a violin.
a young man is playing a music instrument
a person played guitar by close the eye in the room
a young male guitarist busy in playing guitar
man dressed in white shirt and with stylish hairstyle plays the violin
a man in a white shirt and black suspenders is playing a violin.
a man in a white shirt is playing the violin.
an asian man is playing the violin
man playing slow music on violin
ocean surface is shown in sunny, calm weather.
in a partially cloudy, sky a beach and a blue sea is shown.
a scene that says ocean has a woman in a bikini walking through the jungle.
there is a large ocean and written in black
the word ocean with an ocean in the background.
a person the shoot the ocean very closely using camera
the view of the  pleasant morning in the seashore is very beautiful to see.
a calm ocean is shown with blue water under the clear sky on daytime.
closeup of the ocean with a footbridge to the sand, the word ocean appears on the screen
a drone camera flies over a beach with a small pier as some text saying oceans fades off of the screen.
a person try to pus sticks on a glass of ice cream which is before him.
a woman decorating with a green wax straw
the cake with cream is inside the glass and the person is inserting something in it.
inserting a green color q-tip on above the ice cream
someone pushing a green toothpick into a straw and putting it in a dessert
a woman decorating the drink
some one is flourishing the food item in the glass
there is a butterscotch  icecream in a glass and a girl  is trying to put wax candles on it
a green straw is pushed into a frozen drink topped with whip cream and caramel sauce
a hand of a person puting something in a cup of ice cream
an older balding man with grey tufts of hair on the sides of his head sits in a chair with an audience behind him during an interview on the bbc.
older gentalmen is interviewing and has a wonderful accent and a nice smile.
a aged person talking some thing to the audience
an old man giving a interview to bbc laughing at the end.
a man being interviewed on the bbc.
an old man talks about how he reads the script and learns the lines and then he laughs.
a man is being interviewed and talking about learning the lines of a harry potter script.
an old man is sitting in a chair and telling something
a man with black dressing in a tv show told i have to understand the rules
an old man is talking with his back towards the public.
a person adjusts a baby stroller while a song plays in the background.
a woman is folding a part of a wheel chair
a woman adjusting the accent of a black and gray baby caress.
a woman adjusting the seat of a baby stroller.
someone is trying to put the head holder of the chair in position.
the female with black dress is adjusting the baby trolley.
a lsy is just checking on some machine at home
girl showing the features of baby walker
a man trying to adjust a baby chair.
next level baby cart is adjusted according to specifications. loud music is heard.
a small air plane is just landing on the ground
hang glider landing on a lawn
one person is explaining about some thing cost
a man talking about the price of a mini plane.
a man flying parachute and landing on the field.
a video of small helicopter flying and taking off
a person in a hang glider comes in for a soft landing in a grassy area lined with trees while a narrator explains how to buy a hang glider.
a para glide with a person in it landing in a park with trees.
a one man occupied aircraft is landed on a grass field.
small airoplain landing straightly to the open place
a dark green butterfly is laying flat and then a dark brown butterfly is flickering his wings/
a man reports on a native butterfly in its natural habitat.
a man talks about an south-east asian butterfly, the emerald swallowtail.
the butterfly is shown as it is sitting on the ground.
butterflies, number eight the emerald swallowtail resting on a leaf close to guys hand
someone is talking about the world's beautiful butterfly.
there is a man who is talking about the emerald swallowtail butterfly.
a man carrying out research on butterflies in a greener environment
a beautiful emerald butterfly lying on a tree and a leaf.
beautiful butterflies are sitting on rocks, a hand and a leaf.
in factory two policeman arrest the man with white shirt and take him to out
two policemen are taking away a handcuffed suspect to the surprise and concern of bystanders.
two police men in black uniform arrested a man and taking him with them
2 police officers arresting a guy and walking out
george lopez is escorted out of his work in front of all his co-workers by the police while handcuffed on his tv show the
police will be arrested the person.
two police officers arrest a man in a white shirt.
a normal video, frankly it doesn't attract me much
two cops are arresting a man wearing white shirt
two cops are arresting a man while group of people watch.
a man in a blue shirt stands in a frame with a split frame to one side showing four people in various poses.
new tutorials go viral across the internet all the time
an internet ad promising new tutorials every week, don't forget to subscribe.
there are a couple of boxes that lead to other videos from the same creator and they are all dance tutorials.
a video ad for new tutorials every week.
two screens with video being shown in each one, one with one person and one with four different screens.
come see more new tutorials each week on works outs and workout and exercise.
a graphic is shown advertising that new tutorials are shown every week.
the tutorials are shown in the two side by side screens.
a split screen of two people with the caption â€œnew tutorial every weekâ€.
a couple for meeting and both are speaking
a woman and a man are speaking to one another and the woman left
a man and a woman talking near a vegetation area
a couple is talking and the female starts walkign.
chinese woman and chinese man exchanging words. then the woman departs.
a young lady asking something  to a young man
a man and a woman are talking about an issue.
a woman in red talking to a man in gray during the day with plants in the background.
a girl with the red dress and a guy with the grey top are talking together.
a couple is talking with eachother
the lady explains about the unique features of the product
introducing a product type.
the person is talking about something displayed in the footage.
she is explained the some different material, thats it.
a vegetable container is shown. the narrator attempts to convince the viewer of its efficiency.
blue beams designed inside transparent structure and black details.
a glass box can be seen which one side is being highlighted
a blue rectangle highlights the inside of the fruit section of a refrigerator
a glass box lighting blue color
there was a nice tanning bed with a green ray of light
a gentlemen wearing a blue-tinged shirt is holding a lecture.
a tall, blond man in a light purple t-shirt speaks at a lecture.
a man in a blue shirt gives a standing conference
a man in purple dress wears a lecture on a stage with a blue background.
a speaker explains about the incidents happening every day of property rights
an old man in a blue shirt is talking on a serious subject
one guy is talking to the crowd of people.
a man wearing a purple shirt and a mic behind his ears delivers a speech and educate others.
a man is giving a talk on a stage to a crowd.
there is a guy looking off into the distance as he talks to a lot of people
a person is drawing some art with a pencil
a red subscribe button appears on an orange cartooning 4 kids video clip.
person drawing spongebob, with a white background on two screens
spongebob squarepants characters are being drawn, and you can subscribe to cartooning4kids academy.
an invitation to subscribe to a drawing channel in youtube
a person is drawing both spongebob and squidward and there is some catchy music.
characters from the sponge bob squarepants cartoon are being drawn in this video.
they are joined picture of squidward and patrick
the advertisement for subscribing a youtube channel is displayed.
someone is drawing spongebob characters while a nice song plays in the background.
a person running towards the camera running away from falling rocks
landsliding incident vehicles are stuck and people running to save themselves
it is a clouded image, there seem to be environmental phenomena going on and there is a man running
a man is running away from two cars as boulders fall
man running away from destruction caused by an earthquake.
shooting terrain in the mountains, several cars waiting
a video of a landslide, with a man escaping from a stopped vehicle making it to safety.
two cars are parked in a mountain road with cloudy weather
stones falling from mountains on a busy mountainous road and people saving themselves.
a guy is running away from an explosion
a man in a white shirt is talking and waving his arm.
the actor, bill murray is explaining an issue with emotion.
man in white clothe talking about somethings
a person in white shirt is saying something
a person with white shirt and talking moving the hands
an young man wearing a jibba without collar is having discussion with someone.
a man in white shirt was talking about something with emotions
the actor doing a staging.
bill murray is delivering a snippet of a stand-up routine.
a hollywood actor telling a funny story on a talk show
a person taking a photo of celebrity and she is  giving a autograph to some child
a female monkey is lying down and is not eating
one animal is very sick and someone try to feed food to this animal
a black monkey/ chimpanzee laying on the floor while a song plays in the background.
a chimpanzee lies in a bed of straw, curled up in a ball looking very sad while instrumental music plays.
a chimpanzee inside an enclosure is being fed with a spoon.
a female gorilla is laying down on a pillow and a pink blanker over hay.
an old gorilla is lying in a hay stack and is fed with a spoon by a human.
chimpanzee lying apparently very sad or debilitated receiving food in human's mouth
a black monkey is sleeping on the ground
a yellow duckling approaches a lemonade stand and then turns away while a song about ducks plays in the background.
an yellow duck moves in green mountain and want to eat ice cream.
a cartoon character, yellow bird is talking to a person selling lemonade.
a cartoon duck is talking to a person at a lemonade stand.
there is a man selling lemonade while a duck is passing by and not buying it.
a boy is selling lemonade and a duck is wobbly
an animated clip showing a bird moving around in open place
an animated scene featuring a duck at a lemonade stand accompanies an apparent children's song.
the cartoon character is walking from the seller.
there is a duck at a lemonade stand that waddles away.
the girl is very irritated by the boy shouting.
a young boy shouting loudly near a girl sleeping in bed.
a young girl sleeps and a boy with a bird on his shirt yells and wakes her up.
a boy in yellow shirt is disturbing the sleep of a girl on a bed with a loud shriek..
meino screaming to wake up his sister in a purple room
the boy is screaming while the girl is sleeping.
very sound for voice and sleep the girl shock the events very bad one.
the boy sitting on the bed screams to wake the girl.
a boy in a yellow waking up a girl who was sleeping
a boy screams to wake up a girl who is sleeping
a man entering in room there people are shooting something
a man wearing t shirt is entering in to the room and talking to the team
a man wearing a t shire and others are watching him eagerly and smiley
the person with a sleeveless t-shirt opening the door and entering by talking something.
a man is saying something about him
a black blue t shirt men enters into a room with his friends
a man on a superman t-shirt leaving the doctor
not very interesting video with a slightly ridiculous man in a shirt
a man wearing a superman tank top walks into a room getting ready for a prank.
a man with a tank top and big hair opens a door and swears.
there is a nine person band playing and dancing to their music.
a group of men dancing and playing violins.
musiic band artist performing a song with thier artist
a group of people playing a musical instrument.
a complete band playing a musical style called regge.
a band comprising of all male members performing and dancing.
music troops playing the musical instruments for the song
a group of musicians performing on the stage
a band doing their performance.
a music band of nine members is singing a song.
a demonstration by a girl of how to do a backflip on a trampoline.
a woman in a white blouse and black pants jumping on a trampoline, with three people around the trampoline.
a girl demonstrating the proper way to perform a type of back flip on a trampoline.
a girl demonstrating how to do back flip on a trampoline.
a girl is jumping and with a special movement she stopped jumping
girl in a white t-shirt and black leggings jumps on a professional trampoline
girl jumping on trampoline in a large gym.
a woman does a backward flip on a giant red trampoline as a man narrates how she does it.
man talking during a recording where a woman practices physical activity on a trampoline
a girl with white top and pony tail on is jumping on the trampoline.
two men with same costume performing gymnastics of different jumpings
tow guys in a trampoline and make the backflip figure.
a guy showing how to do a blackflip
two young men are jumping on the trampoline before a building.
a man jumping in two different angles in front of  abuilding
two happy boys jumping high on the trampoline
a man in a t shirt and shorts shows the proper way to back flip on a trampoline.
man in gray shirt and white shorts jumps.
two person show how to backflip and turn 360 into flip hack
man doing cartwheels on a trampoline
a cartoon of dogs talking in spanish.
a cgi cartoon is shown with a dog in a police suit talks to a cat. both characters speak french.
in a foreighn language, spanish puppy pals characters talk on screen.
two animated dogs in clothes speak spanish to one another.
an animated dog catches a ball with its robot tail, and another animated dog comes over to tease him.
the animated figures are talking to each other outside.
two clothed dogs move around in a colorful city.
there are two cartoon dogs conversation and laughing with one another.
some kids looking at cartoon in spanish
two cartoon dogs, one in blue and one in green, are talking in spanish.
a woman in a black suit with a helmet calls a yellow lab toward her telling the dog he is going the wrong way, and the dog approaches her excitedly with his tail wagging.
a cute dog is running on the road
a person in a motorcycle helmet is interacting with a yellow lab.
a motorist woman calling for a dog lost on the road.
a woman in a motorcycle helmet greets a dog.
a man wearing gloves and helmet playing with dog in the road
a lady motorcyclist playing with a dog on the road.
a girl is calling her dog and telling her dog that it is going in a wrong direction.
person wearing a motorcycle helmet playing with a large yellow dog.
a person capture the dog by using camera
two cartoon opossums are discussing something in front of a fainted/dead cartoon sloth.
two animals are talking about a sick animal lying on the ground
two cartoon character talking with each other
one animared animal is laying down, possibly asleep, while two different animals stand over it.
two animated rat discussing about the animal which is dead on the ice floor.
a person playing ice age: dawn of the dinosaurs comments on whats going on screen, proclaiming a confused victory on the events happening. two cartoonish animals stand over an animated character, which is lying down in presumed defeat.
two cartoon characters talking to another cartoon who is lying on the ground.
three characters from ice age hanging out.
two rodents stand above a sloth contemplating what to do.
two punctures talking about a passed out character in the ice age
the yellow color toy car moving in the road by singing himself
a toy car runs through the streets of the city singing.
a auto cartoon is singing a baby song and running on the road
a animated car in yellow color with eyes in singing a song and moving along the road.
a cartoon car singing a song while driving down a road.
a cartoon yellow baby car singing the song 'baby auto' while driving
a yellow animated car sings bebe auto while driving through a city scene.
a beautiful yellow colored cartoon car running on the road with the beautiful music.
children's cartoon with a yellow stroller that sings inspired by the baby shark.
the clip shows a nursery rhyme video showing a cartoon car moving and singing a nursery rhyme.
a dj is playing music while wearing a golden mask and a top hat.
man standing next to musical equipment playing the first parts of a song.
a dj is playing songs and checking with people  if they are ok with it
a person is busy explaining something in the night time
keyboard players is like to sing a song on the stage with mask
a person in black colour dress and black colour hat standing and doing something in instrument
a person wearing curious costume is playing a musical instrument.
a dj wearing a black hat is playing a beautiful music.
a person with black shirt and hat plays the music with instruments in some party
dj player some play the music with people choice
sentence 1: a woman with blue dressing explains her life incidents in a interview
a woman giving television interview on interest rate.
a lady in black dress is trying to explain something
a woman discusses monetary policy and economics in a radio studio.
a woman in a dark room talks to a person off-camera.
a women in black dress speaks in front of a mic.
the person with black t-shirt is talking something over the microphone.
black dress women told with gesture some other people
a woman in front of a microphone is talking
a woman is being interviewed by another while speaking on interest rates.
a pop star dancing in his hip hop album with heavy music
clip of a black man dancing in a house with brown walls.
a man is making movements and dancing steps based on music
black man and white sneakers dance indoors and in the dark.
in one room a man sings and dances for a hip-hop music video.
a guy with denim tops and jeans dances for a hip-hop track.
a man dancing and singing in a house.
a man with head band wearing green shirt and white shoes dancing for a song.
a man sings in an orange-lit room while dancing
a young man with a scarf on his head dancing alone in a house.
the person is making beats sound with his mouth on the stage.
a young rap star performs on stage with others.
a group musicians making a dj voice
musicians are performing in front of large crowd
a guy with white shirt is beat boxing on the stage with lots of other people.
in this video a group of young buys producing a music show
a person doing a beatriz battle and is walking to the audience.
a man wearing white shirt is playing music with his mouth
a man is beat-boxing and dancing on the stage.
a guy in white shirt is beat boxing on stage
a press meet is going on while over the side a person describes it in sign language.
there is an interview of the man who is wearing a cool mask
three people sitting at a table with another man standing at a podium and a women doing sign language over the top.
a segmenf of a press conference. the host explains that later the press will have the opportunity to ask questions.
a person is standing and giving a speech about something very important.
a black men dressed with a tuxedo is talking in front of 3 black persons. a white women is translating to deaf people
a representative of a group confers in a press conference
interpreter explaining the speech using sign language on tv
a black man speaks to the public while a woman uses signs to translate
an authority giving a speech.
a man and women dancing near shipyard in fresh air and bridge.
a man in banian and a woman with curly hair were dancing in a street side area in front of all
two people are dancing on a boardwalk in front of a crusie ship and other people.
a couple dances on the sidewalk next to another couple.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
music is playing, and a man and woman are dancing in front of a cruise ship.
a couple dancing lambada in a port. in the background, you can see more people and a ship
a girl and a boy are performing a dance near sea, where a big ship is passing.
we can see two young people dancing with a cruiser behind
two people are dancing on a dock; the two people that dance are both back and are very talented.
a finger pinpoints the make and model of a microscope lens
the number is the device in achro 10/0.25 in the scale. the man is speak the screen.
a man talks about the markings applied to some device
a man is talking about a piece of black equipment.
an explanation of a piece. the man details the numbers in the piece
some one is showing an object and explaining about it
showing a type of part.
a sales representative appears to be explaining with respect to the standard of mÃ¼ller - objective achro black 10/0.25 160/0.17 for biological microscope.
a product been explained with lot of aggression.
a tube like hardware made with strong metal written achro on it. and number written on it 160/017 and 10/0.25.
a old man in long corridor explains about the statues in the hall.
men dresses in purple shirt is walking inside a museum explaining that classic art is the foundation of renaissance wich is the renaissance of our modern art
rick steves is in a museum talking about classical art inspiring renaissance art.
a man describing the ancient art of painting and sculpting.
a man in a shirt talks about art while in a gallery with statues
a man in light clothing speaks in the hallway of a place that looks like a museum.
a man in light purple tshirt and black pant and belt walking and some statues in the background.
a man dressed in violet shirt and black trousers is walking through a museum corridor. he is talking about the influence on classical arts on renaissance
one person in purple colour shirt is explaining about ancient work for inspiration
person taking about various types of artwork from the renaissance period.
a cartoon showing a a fox and two dogs climbing down a steep, rocky hillside.
two dogs travel down a cliff toward a fox.
a little brown and white dog follows a fox down a cliff.
an animated brown and white dog is climbing down a mountain to get to another dog and there is a bigger black dog behind it.
cartoon of two dogs, a black one and a brown/white one climbing down a mountainside
a pair of animated dogs make their way down a moss covered rocky ledge.
an animated short with a fox and two dogs. the black dog is intimidating the brown and white dog as they go down a cliff-side.
some one is watching a video about a dog and another dogs.
a dog is slipping on the mountain and another dog comes to help.
two animated dogs climbing down a rocky hill
a man wearing black cap explaining something about faces
a person playing a mobile game and explaning what to do
man narrating something while showing a sort of sort key in a game
a person commenting on icons of players of a game.
a man in a red shirt and a black hat playing a game.
analysis of famous and classic football players from all over the world.
a seated man chooses between different characters seen on a screen behind him
a video of a man rating or describing football players.
a man sitting and wearing a green cap is speaking
a man is explaining something about playing
couple eating in food with restaurant and person speaking in another girl
a blond women is is standing up beside a table with a mand and girl eating, the blong women is dressed in brown. the two other people are dresses in yellow and black
a girl talk to other two person the person are sitting on the dinning table
some people are having a serious discussion sitting together
couples are eating in a hotel when a server maid talking with her
there are three persons from start trek saga, two are sit down
small size reproduced from a movie where in the scene a woman people talking with a man and a woman who are sitting eating
a lady in dark brown jacket with short hair speaking loud and a two people in yellow-black tshirt eating something sitting near the table.
a man and a woman seating and eating at the restaurant and a woman asking the something
a woman is talking while the other is listening and picking up a cup and other man is looking at her.
there is a amn in the car and close the door
the man is stearing a car and access a remote take in his hand
a driver entering and starting a blue car.
this is car riding with remote
one person is getting into the car and driving slowly
man sitting in the direction of a blue ferrari shows the controls of the vehicle.
a man closed the door of the car and started to drive.
closing the dar of my ferrari and driving the car
a man gets into a car and starts the engine.
a person sat in his car and trying to start the car with a remote
a man is narrating a football match while people are shouting at the stadium.
a commentary of a rugby game between two teams in a television.
two football teams are in the midst of a game. the football is thrown to a player who makes it to the end zone but does not score a touch down.
players are playing rugby in the stadium
a game match in the ground
men wearing red and white jerseys and are playing football.
the rugby player are fighting for the ball and trying to catch the person with the ball
the men in red and the men in white are playing each other
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
the game playing all playing the game.  and very interesting the game.
the female sidekick of thor lets thor know that he is free to battle a huge golem, approaching from the distance. thor moves in for the confrontation.
a war scene in a movie and the characters walking towards each other.
a girl with armourers on talking to a guy with red cloak in a battlefield.
a women and men are standing infront of the king
scenes from the film thor, where the characters are in a specie of a field with other guerrillas and thor faces thanos
a woman in metal armor is talking to a blonde man who is wearing armor and a cape and holding a hammer during an imminent battle in a forest.
battle between two team, scene from a hollywood movie, and the warrior contains heavy weapons
thor is preparing for the fight  with villian
a man is walking angrily with a weapon in his hand.
part of the thor film where the main character will fight an enemy
a narrator describing a small, sleeping, furry animal.
a squirrel is sleeping and he is holding a nuts
a rabbit has slept in the bed and is holding something
a static image shows a small squirrel hugging his nut, while a song plays in the background.
a mouse sleeping on a flower holding a nut and surrounded by tiny black and white creatures.
a sphere spins and appears to open onto a baby squirrel asleep holding a nut.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
infant animal lying on a blanket asleep after feeding
a baby squirrel who has grown a lot because it loves to eat.
the so cute baby squirrel thumb sleeping in a bed with a nut in its hand.
a young boy sings a religious song with band accompaniment
a boy is singing wearing a suit with a whole band behind him
a little boy is singing a song on a stage with a band behind him.
a young kid sings in front of a band.
there's a black kid dressed in a suit. he is dancing and singing a song.
there is a small boy singing and making a scene
there is a kid dancing on stage and other people playing music.
a little boy wearing a tie sings a song while professional musicians accompany him.
a clip of a young boy singing a gospel song, while backed up by a band.
the young child is singing with the group of people on stage.
a big ship sailing on the waves of sea.
a huge ship is moving in the powerful sea with huge breeze.
a ship faces a storm on the high seas with huge waves.
a ship moving in the sea
a fishing vessel in a sea with big, rough waves
a ship on the open sea being bounced around by the waves
shown a footage of the boat in a storm at sea.
a boat is sailing on the sea with lots and lots of waves in a gloomy day.
to classical music - the raging sea and the ship, moving from wave to wave
a sea having high tide in these tide a ship is struggling
a person explains about the building destroyed and bricks faliing down from balcony
a large chunk of a white building collapses quickly.
a white building begins to crumble during an earthquake.
a big building collapses and damages things around due to earthquake
a part of a high building falling down maybe in mexico
snippet about earthquake protection strategy or equipment
activity it's better to be prepared for earthquakes
a huge chunk of concrete falls off from a buidling, as result of siesmic activity.
a building falling down because of an earthquake
a multistorey building is being damaged due to earth quake.
a poster of the three female actresses from the charles's angles.
three girls dressed in black pose in a red and violet film cover entitled charlie's angels
charle's angels in theaters november is get tickets available now soundtrack available
three chales angles having a show in theater in november
pre-order ad for the charlie's angels, in theaters november 15
its a poster of charles angels that is going to launch on november 15
a poster of charles angels is shown
presentation of a film.
the three girls are give the pose in front of camera
charlie's angels movie posters with three actresses in black dress.
decorating a cupcake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, colorful sprinkles and a cherry to finish
cup cake ice cream making and decration is super
a cupcake being dressed with ice cream, chocolate fudge, and colorful sprinkles.
someone puts a scoop of white frosting on top of a cupcake using an icecream scoop. then they put chocolate sauce, followed by candy sprinkles and lastly a cherry on top
it is a video with a cupcake, which is covered in chocolate, colored sprinkles, and a cherry on top.
cupcake with a scoop of ice cream, chocolate, sprinkles and a cherry.
how the wonderful muffin is made, just looking at the water in your mouth, so many wonderful ingredients
a person is putting up some decorations on a cupcake.
a fantastic sweet covered by chocolat and caramel
some one preparing a cup cake on the table
a view of a flowing stream with mountains in the background.
there are the natural scenes of the water and things like that
a river is flowing between some pine trees in the mountains.
jawdropping rural areas are displayed. scenic vista with clear sky and dazzling natural lights.
the clip shows a beautiful landscape with the river flowing and trees while a someone says something in the background.
a beautiful stream surrounded by mountains and vegetation flows into the river like a stream
a beautiful valley view, where two hills are standing behind a green forest.
view of a landscape with a blue sky, mountains and river.
a river is flowing and on the background pine trees and a mountain with a valley.
a river with two hills beside it and several trees around it, and a man comments on the landscape.
a doctor talks to a man who is working on the computer.
a man in a doctor's clothes speaks to another man dressed in a suit in a room.
a man in a doctor's outfit enters an office with a man in a suit looking at his notebook and they start chatting.
doctor enters the room talks to another man dressed in a suit
a doctor talking to his colleague in a hospital cabin.
a doctor enters the room and talks to a man who is seeing something on his computer.
a man in doctor coat with stereoscopic speaking to a person who wearing a coat with a tie
doctors are talking about going to a job interview
a doctor wearing a lab coat and blue scrubs walks in a room and talks to a guy in a suit and tie.
man in labcoat enters a room, and gets into a conversation with a man in a suit, witnessing a laptop.
a mouse is running fast in the animation film
character lines being reproduced while recording a game in a video game
a mouse runs in search of a goal in what appears to be a video game.
an electronic game where a mouse runs through a forest.
a video game show demonstrating an episode of the game.
a video game character is moving forward for his mission
a gamer showing how to play a game
one man is running another member is following.
a small brown animal is hopping around a campsite
this video is about carnivorous plant game.in this game a character runs between those plants and tries to escape from the plants.
four elephants are flapping their ears and moving around in a grassy area.
elephants in front of treres with their ears blowing.
a smaller elephant turns and begins to walk on a path past larger elephants.
four elephants graze among the greenery near a road.
the horses are all standing outside in the forest.
low music plays as a group of four elephants are outdoors near the forest.
there are a family of elephant in the bushes.
4 elephants are on a road standing peacefully.
three elephants stand next to each other while flapping their ears.
three brown elephants graze in the green bush on the side of a dirt trail.
a person looks relaxed sitting in a vintage car
man talking while a man shows in a red blazer inside a car
2 guys going for a afternoon ride in the lowe rider car that looks like batmans batmobil.
a man with white hair and a reddish pink shirt is sitting in a car and looking back.
an old man sits in a futuristic open car, and then two people are sitting in another futuristic looking car.
a bald man posing in a very low sitting vehicle.
it is a picture of guinness world records car.
perry walker wanted to get a guinness record with a new vehicle.
there is a person in a red shirt in a weird looking car.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
carton video daily watching my son.
beginning of the educational cartoon the talking words factory
the title of animation appeared and a animated house is there
a colourful house for a show called the talking word factory.
kids cartoon, teaching alphabets video.
the start of a cartoon, the talking words factory  showing credit to its creator, mike woods, then a voice of  man doing card tricks.
the talking words factory video is played where a big house is there surrounded with trees.
a beautiful house in a vilage
its the cartoon network programlike to say it iun channel.
a nice house under blue sky as the talking words talking factory goes.
a little girl in pony tail  is playing with his little brother and attracting him with her scooty.
someone is watching a cartoon of two kits.
children are playing garden .one girl is riding a scooter .
the two robot toys are playing in the garden
a little girl is spinning on a tricycle.
animated cartoon of a girl riding her scooter around a sandbox.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
two children are playing, the girl is playing on a scooter while the child is playing in a sandbox.
a girl playing with park in the skateing cycle and kit enjoying the park
two animated cartoon characters are playing in a small pool in a backyard.
fitting two persons expose the angry and bleeding forward.
a bearded man speaks to another man with a bloody face.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a man with specks speaking to another who got injury with blood bleeding in the head.
a white man telling another man who is injured that he knows dead on who you are.
a scene from a film, with a close up on one actors face.
a man with glasses and a large mustache is speaking very dramatically.
a man is emotionally stating something to another man who has a bloody forehead.
a man wearing glasses is speaking
a man wearing glasses is staring intensely while speaking to someone
wrestling superstar big show asks a question, with the belt on his shoulder.
the face in the video is challenging the person he is talking to about wrestling.
a guy on wwe talking to the crowd about himself
wwe on tv with one of it's wrestlers talking nonsense to one of the other wrestling personalities.
a wwe contestant big show is speaking in front of the audience in the louder tone.
a wrestler is speaking into the microphone as the crown cheers.
a fighter with a winner's belt on his shoulder responds to the reporter with a sarcastic face.
pro american wrestler big show talking into microphone.
the big show holds the heavyweight championship and speaks into a mic.
a wrestler with his  golden belt is speaking in mike in a very tauntic way
there are some people baseball on the field.
number 27 baseball player pitching a very fast pitch and watching it get hit.
a slow motion video of a pitcher throwing a ball, which is immediately hit right up the middle.
a white t-shirt guy wearing a gloves , throws a ball by applying his full strength and the ball goes far apart from the filed.
a man in a white t-shirt is throwing a ball
a baseball player throwing the ball and looking back at something
a baseball player making the move to throw the ball
baseball pitcher wearing the number 27 delivers a pitch, which is then hit off screen back near him and into the infield.
a person is throwing a baseball in really slow motion.
a baseball pitcher throwing a ball a long time ago.
a big sharp knief is cutting a steel cane
a knife cuts in half what looks like a can of soup, but it's a tart
cutting a cake that exactly looks like a tin size tomato soup.
somebody cutting a tomato soup can filled with ice cream
there is a man cutting a cake which is in tomato soup bottle shape
with a knife, they cut a cake made in the form of a can of campbell soup
a person with a big knife is cutting a cambpbell tin can, which apperas to be a cake
a tin like cake was made and cut in between with great music to listen
a knife cuts a campbell tomato soup can cake.
a cake made to resemble a the iconic campbell's soup tin is cut in half.
boys and girls arriving in beach for beach surfing and to play some soccer
several young people with beach toys pile out of a van near the waterfront.
a movie running on screen many are watching and laughing at joke
they are very enjoyful, and they are playing bring to some material to the beach
screen showing a red car with a step and on the other a tree and several people getting out of the car in swimwear then they take off a big board and a man jumps out of the car and in the end young people look up
a long stream of people are hopping out of a car at the beach with various beach accessories like a beach ball and surfboard.
boys and girls are coming out of the van.
a group of teenagers is arriving at the beach
a bunch of people is jumping out of a car onto the beach
number of persons are coming out of the car with music played in background.
man giving useful information about small motorbike
a motorcycle fit with a electric motor and a moving chain
a video of a motorbike on road  is  playing.
a person bike racing in the outdoor
a small orange sports motorcycle with blue irons and small wheels
motor, tires and chain gear of a kid-sized orange mini motorcycle
a minibike has a 48 volt battery with a 4300 rpm brushless motor.
a person driving model scooter
in video showing a bike and they describing its quality
an organe motorcyle with blue frame is sitting in view.
a big sea wave hitting the shore while people are watching
a huge tsunami like waves ready to create havoc.
a huge wave is formed across the sea, and the wave is approaching a boat.
a promo video showing a giant wave advertising more giant waves.
people witnessing a giant wave at a lighthouse
five big waves video. the image shows a very big wave coming.
a surfer in the middle of a very big wave
a person is explaining about five big waves you wouldn't believe
the people in the seashore watching the five big waves which are very scary to see.
a video of flood where big waves are moving up and down.
the person was preparing to make the large paper airplane.
a person folds and makes a paper airplane.
a paper object is being made in a diy tutorial.
he is showing us how to make a paper airplain out of paper.
a person is shown building a paper airplane as music plays.
a man is folding a paper airplane and focusing on the bottom section.
a person is teaching the viewer how to make a paper airplane.
a person is putting the finishing touches on a paper airplane they made.
a pair of hands is folding a paper airplane with electric dance music in the background.
someone is watching some one crafting a paper plain.
war time scenes are displayed as an officer picks something of the ground before a cannon can be seen recoiling on three separate occasions upon discharging.
a war field in which soldier with many preparation fight for country in cold weather.
they are assemble the place for the snow is frosty, they are some working.
a group of soldiers crowd around a artillery cannon as it launches.
war in the snow, as indicated by the battle of stinging, cannons and soldiers huddled in trenches
a terorist wearing long green coat is putting some material in the cannon then it is being fired by some terrorists.
men in a snowy area feeding a war cannon and shooting
soldiers in the snow fire artillery such as a howitzer cannon.
there is one person in long jacket take something, other person fire with the cannon.
scenes of world war ii soldiers engaged in fighting during winter is accompanied by ominous music.
a man dressed in red and a black cap performing a spoken word
the man is on camera singing into the microphone.
a black guy wearing a red and white plaid shirt and black cap is talking into a mic about his life.
a man of color wearing a plaid shirt and  black cap that has a emblem that says compton  on it talking about a part of his life
a black guy talks about his past life and how his plans were changed.
a person in red shirt with white stripes  and black cap in an interview session
arsenio hall show has an amazing guest performer tonight and makes people happy
it is a show entertainment and a man who is famous,or not, is on the microphone talking about himself.
an african american man wearing a hat is speaking into a microphone talking about an event in his life.
a man in a red plaid shirt explains a situation he went through.
a black printer printing a picture of an arch and the blue sky.
a colored printout copy is coming out of printer
there are absolute best choices on the market.
a printer is printing a color image very slowly and a man is talking about it
there is a printer printing while a narrator talks about the best choices on the market.
the printing machine is printing a picture with high quality and the man in the background explains about the specialty of the printer.
a black brother brand printer printing an image
there is a printer which prints a picture
male voice describing the benefits of a brother color printer
a printing machine printing a picture with blue sky
from an ordinary, silent, street building, a blam sounds and a round hole appears in the glass window as the blue ball passes.
the ball is thrown out of the window.
a blue color ball was coming out from house forcefully by breaking a glass.
in a long glass building, a ball came out by breaking the window glass.
a blue ball flies through a window onto the street.
somebody throwing a  ball  out of the window and glass were shattering
there is a some voices and then a ball flies out of a window.
a ball break the window glass.
as someone is watching the no parking sign, a ball comes thrashing out of the window pane.
a building is shown in a city. then a basketball ruptures the window and skims across the air.
a man holding a gun walks cautiously up to the driver side window. he turns and his partner is shot in the head.
a man with a gun cautiously approaches the driver's window of a crashed van while another man behind the vehicle is shot.
a guy is holding a gun and another guy shot the other guy.
this is a scene from a nicholaas cage cop movie in which someone is shot.
a man in a trench coat is holding a gun and approaching a tan van.
a van sitting and two men aimed to shoot and man got shot
the person is walking around the rv with a gun.
a man holds a gun, walks up to the window of a van, turns around and shoots at another man, who is also shooting at him.
man approaches from side of van to look in drivers side with gun.  partner gets shot
a man in a tan coat walks up on the side of a car with his black gun drawn.
out of two solders one shouts and then both of them runs away.
military people moving to safe himself in the battle.
very powerful video and like for all people this solders life.
two army  persons fights against enemy
brothers in arms are escaping from a dangerous situation.
two american soldiers with guns in the trenches together.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
one soldier is asking another soldier to come with him.
a soldier is helping his partner and telling him to leave
two soldiers are talking to each other.
a housekeeper and a servant are talking in a staff room.
man enters the bathroom and writes a few words to a woman while she arranges towels
the hotel maid is talking to the bellboy in bright red uniform
woman in the washing room is standing by the washing machine and a man in a red uniform comes in and talks to her
a man talking to a housekeeping lady in a house.
a woman in blue clothes folds a towel while a man in red clothes arrives at the scene. both seem to be hotel employees.
guy talking with housekeeper saying the room will be ready for cleaning.
a bell hop speaks to a housekeeper in a hotel.
woman folding towels when a man in red clothes arrives.
a man in a red uniform talking to a woman in a cleaning lady uniform in a laundry room.
a single giraffe is standing in a field while eating and enjoying its meal.
a giraffe is grazing in the savanna during the day.
a beautiful giraffe in what appears to be africa
a giraffe chews and wags its tail in a green area
a giraffe chews food and wags his tail.
the girrafe was in desert.there is only one tree.the girraffe eat the grass.
a cartoon of a giraffe slowly chewing food while a male voice narrates the act
there is a giraffe and some one is speaking in the background
the giraffe is standing and stirring near the tree
a giraffe is standing on the grass and chewing some leaves slowly.
someone is looking at a video with butterfly.
one butterfly is standing on the leaves while another flies in slow motion
this video is describing about a beautiful and colourful butterfly
a black and white butterfly is posing on a leaf
a black and white butterfly is on a green plant while the shadow of another butterfly passes through the camera.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a butterfly is sitting on a plant and doing nothing.
a beautiful multi colored butterfly sitting on the plant
a butterfly is resting on the branch of a plant and something else is fluttering in the foreground.
a beautiful butterfly with black lines and marks on her body sitting on a leaf.
a group of leaves fly by to expose a forest.
a bunch of yellow petals flowing in the screen and the beautiful view of the garden with full of lavender flowers in the plants is shown.
classical music plays while a field of flowers and bushes is on the screen
many yellow butterflies fly quickly away from lush green plants.
many leaves and flowers, the blue sky with classical music in the background
a garden with lots of flower, plants and trees are shown with background music.
the video shows a lot of flowers, and a very peaceful song
plants and trees showing the fully video
exhibition of an area full of flowers and trees
there is an outdoor still shot of some flower bushes and trees.
a most amazing moments of wild animal fights
a dinosaur and a dragon face off in battle.
a dinosaur and a t-rex showing their fangs at each other.
two dinosaurs are quarreled in the mountains side.
two dinosaurs are agressively facing each other while the one with wings looks injured.
a tyrannosaurus rex roars at long-necked, winged dinosaur that stands in front of it, roaring back.
two wild animal screaming.
two dinosaurs of different species fighting in the center of a valley.
two dinossaurs are fighting in a place full of mountains
dinosaurs are fighting with each other on ground.
the turtle is swimming under the ocean near the coral reefs.
the tortoise in the ocean swimming towards the sea water and the video end up with producers and other technician.
a green turtle is moving in the ocean
there is a creature that is crawling on the ocean floor and then a wave covers it.
a tortoise is swimming in a ocean which is captured clearly
a small ocean being is swimming in water and the waves
she is talking about the sea turtle returning to the sea.
the under the sea. the girl is speech and the last time in some letters.
a little turtle swims against the crystalline ocean as a wave passes over it.
a turtle is swimming in the sea as waves crash over
some one is doing an experiment on the screen.
mr. mahi a bowl of water, a yellow stick, dipped in the water, yellow dye comes out electric music plays.
a person drops a couple of objects into water, making the water turn yellow
the person is washing chopping sticks in a dish
he is showing us how to work with color dyes.
there are two hands holding a stick over some yellow water
the person is putting some kind of yellow stuff into the glass.
a person took the ink out of the marker and soaked in water  for two minutes.
a person places a small yellow stick in a bowl of water and the water turns yellow.
someone is soaking a yellow stick in a bowl of water.
there are a crowd and the people are running
people are running after something in total darkness
the people are walking in a muddy pool.
a movie scene with people running at night.
someone is walking away from a park festival with several tends during the night
a bunch of people at an outdoor party or bar.
a restaurant with white chairs zooming out to a puddle.
night party is grown in like a forest place with alhocol and dinners were conducted
a person hit another person road side, all people are scaring and running another side
a guy is killing someone in the middle of the street
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
a man wearing glasses who is dressed in a red shirt with a black tie with red polkadots is being interviewed.
a man is on the news, wearing glasses a red button up and a tie.
a person explaining about geopolitical influence in social media to a channel
a person with glasses looking to the right and talking
a older man being interviewed by a woman on a news show.
scene of aninfluencer being interviewed on tv
a man wearing specs say something in the news programme
in studio a person describing about social media affect
a man is talking about the geopolitical influence of social media
the man have made different types of stars.
a man showing some models of star designs in which one is white and others multi-colored
starts of different patterns are seen while a hand picks one of them up.
one boy is explaining about the paper hand craft and telling us to subscribe his channel
they are showing us how to make crafts.
a man talks over a shot of several folded paper pinwheels.
a person prepare the paper flower in front of camera
one man telling about paper craft work star model
man speaking while showing stars made from folded paper
a man is speaking while origami figures appear on a table.
a flying pbject seems to be making a perfect landing
a jet gliding over an airstrip with landing wheels exposed with a plane in the background and sky full of clouds
a man explaining the landing features of a fighter jet.
a fighter plane is attempting to make a landing.
some guy is explaining about a jet when it is landing on the helipad
an air craft is about to land on the ground
the fighter jet is landing and a person is talking about it.
a fighter jet is hoovering in the sky before it starts to descend.
military plane is flying in the sky and going to land
a fighter jet flying and is about to land and there is an aeroplane in the background
adult giraffe passes by the side of an infant giraffe.
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
an adult giraffe walks while its calf follows it too.
in this video we can see two giraffe a big one and its son
a female giraffe (cow) and her calf taking a walk in their home.
the giraffe is walking with his child.
giraffe walking the park and kids giraffe go to back in the walking
the mother and kid giraffe is walking together in a park
a giraffe is moving in closed boundry followed by her calf.
at first, an adult giraffe is shown, after it goes away from the camera and a puppy giraffe is focused while walking
a person with a guitar plucks at its' strings.
the guitar sound and letters board on.the man is explain.
a person touching the guitar and he is telling the guitar part
a person showing his guitar and telling how can we set it
a person is just picking up a guitar and checking it
an electric guitar is bein picked up.
a man is explaining the pickups under the strings of an electric guitar.
someone is holding a guitar and explaining about its parts.
there is a person who is pointing to parts of a guitar.
man commenting on a black and yellow guitar that is on a table
there is two women with a microwave doing a review
two ladies talking and one of them trying to connect a microwave with an extension wire.
two women are plugging woven in and talking to each other
two women setting up a microwave oven for a presentation.
two women trying to hook up a microwave and laughing about needing an extension cord.
two women trying to turn on the microwave.
a woman is fixing a television with her friend
two young girls examine a new microwave and look for an outlet to turn it on.
a girl with a pink jacket and other lady with hot pink top are fiddling with the microwave.
the two females are moving a microwave oven and talking.
a woman speaks on the phone while eating snacks.
a woman in white eating popcorn is sitting on an armchair while talking on the phone
the female with white dress is sitting and talking over a phone.
a young woman is sitting on a couch and is on the phone. she has some kind of snack in her lap.
a short haired girl wearing white t-shirt is sitting in the couch with some snacks and talking over the phone.
the lady is watching a movie while talking on the phone.
a woman is talking on the phone while she sits on a sofa and opens a bag of popcorn.
a woman sitting in sofa and talking to someone
a woman with a cell phone in her hand talking
a girl wearing whit t shirt sat on sofa speaking in cell phone
a young man with blonde curly hair is sitting on the floor singing and playing his guitar near a sofa.
a man with an electric guitar sits on the flooring mouthing the words to a recorded song.
a singer sitting on his living room floor with a guitar, singing country music
a man playing his electric guitar while singing a song
a person with the black shirt is singing and playing on the guitar in a dark room about a girl.
young male playing guitar and singing
a boy with grey hair in room sing a song and playing guitar.
a singer is singing and playing guitar for his girlfriend
a man wearing black pant and black full sleeve t-shirt with a bracelet in his right hand is playing guitar in a room as a beautiful woman showing her back is listening.
a man with black shirt plays his guitar and sings a memorable song.
white man with light hair wearing sunglasses a dark toothpick and a gray shirt with a pin on the toothpick
a person in sky blue shirt and black jacket with spectacles talking with another person/ people.
there is a man telling about her mom that she was 44 year old when he born
a person talk to inspirational speech in front of camera
a man explains about a particular topic with all smile in his face
there is a man explain something
a man in a suit coat and blue shirt with glasses is talking.
a white male by the name of jonathan is speaking in front of the camera.
there is a man who is talking about his mom who started exercising.
a man with glasses and a black jacket named jonathan bricker speaks to the public
a person standing and speaking with dance and inside down the rackets
the shooting of pirates of caribbean is happening and the actor acts like he falls down.
the video playing and watching the man
johnny depp recording a scene from jack sparrow where he rocks his body and falls to the ground
johnny depp is acting as jack sparrow and shooting a scene from the film.
a man is acting as a drunkad with bottle
the hero is standing with unbalanced feet in the room with someone people sitting at the floor and falling while the roof gets off.
a man dressed as a pirate is drunk and steam blows.
a man fell down when smoke was blown on him
a disney pirate character played by johnny depp is acting in a scene.
a report on the buses.
a bus is moving with passengers and some are getting into a bus.
a long bus with many people traveling in that
yellow color  ac bus moving slowly and a man getting to the blue bus
passengers on the yellow bus and other people are waiting for the bus to arrive.
a yellow bus with multiple people looking out the windows as it drives by.
a yellow bus with some people and a lady in pink catching another blue bus at the bus stop.
some person travelling a yellow bus.another two person going to another bus travelling
a bus is come,  a man and women is climbing the bus
the bus standing in the bus stop people enter into the bus
the youtube interface is shown in this video, with energetic electronic music in the background.
music plays in the background as video thumbnails are shown on a webpage.
the youtube homepage is displayed with music playing in the background.
a youtube channel and videos
a sreen video of someone browsing youtube in a small screen
youtube searching, search for home page and setting option searching
you tube channel options viewed and contains many videos of the same channel
a screen capture of somebody using youtube and clicking on their account picture
youtube channel video is select and subscribe video
a screen recording of you tube web page is appearing
a women come forward towards a man and come closer
a woman in stripes t-shirt, then a man and a woman looking to each other faces
a woman dressing a pink and black striped shirt smiles and flirts with a male inside a bedroom.
a woman and man in white talk with each other.
a long brown hair young girl nods saying yes and meets a guy
a girl with black hair is nodding her head and a guy in formals walks towards her.
a lady and a man in white shirt speaks with each other romantically.
two female teenagers. one of the female teenagers appears to be preparing to kiss the male character.
there is a romantic couple with a great music background in this scene.
couples are speaking and coming close in the home
person singing on stage of television program and being applauded by the audience
the man is singing in the stage.judjes is sitting to the desk.
a boy performing in the s
a male singer singing in a stage show with audience around.
a boy in red shirt open with a white tshirt inside wearing a locket and holding mic standing on the stage.
a man is on stage singing in front of a crowd.
the boy is holding a mike and singing in a stage
a person is singing a song in the concert
a young person sings the song hello by adele on a casting show.
the young man is on stage singing a song by adelle.
a woman wearing a pink shirt holds up two cases of eye shadow pallets.
a white woman describing the colors of makeup
there is a woman who is holding up two make up palettes.
a woman holds up two make-up pallets and compares them.
a lady trying to differentiate between two eye shadows
a brownish haired lady with blood highlites in her hair holds up two pallets of eye make up and talks to the camera.
a cosmetic specialist is holding up and comparing two sets of eye shadow makeup.
a woman in a pink shirt holds up two makeup palettes and speaks about them
a woman making a video about comparing two makeup kits.
there is a woman are talking about make up color and shades
a flock of small birds are pecking for seeds on a patch of ground.
many sparrows were taking their food with its group members and birds intetion was told in the background by a lady.
a small flock of birds are pecking at the ground.
birds are pecking the ground and walking around while a lady talks about birds laying eggs.
birds enjoy eating their food on a field to fill their stomach.
birds are pecking at the ground around them while a voice speaks.
group of birds are gathered scratching to the ground looking for small foods
several brown birds together eating something scattered on the floor
a lot of birds are eating from ground.
there are a bunch of brown birds that are pecking on the ground.
horses racing in the horse track during the evening hour.
the stadium with horses racing fastly.
a group of people watch race horses run by them on a track.
shows a horse race in louisville, with a large audience cheering.
the audiences are encouraging the louisville.
a crowd watching a horse race applause in loud.
horse racing segment is shown. the audience is applauding the action.
a horse race held in louisville, the audience is happy and screaming
audience cheering the horse riders in the ground
in loiusville, there's a dog race happening with a crowd of bidders that are ready to bet.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
man wearing plaid shirt shows green motorcycle in the center of some city.
an asian man is talking about very fancy motor bike in his language
an asian man talks on a green motorcycle and then examines his front wheel
a guy standing alongside a motorcycle and talking about a feature of the motorcycle.
a man in a checked shirt and spectacles talks about a green and black racer motorcycle.
asian man is touching the tire of a green motorbike.
a man with checked shirt complaint some repair in his bike
a man wearing checked shirt with specs explaining about bike facilities
a man in a plaid shirt shows a green motorcycle
a woman testing a skin cleanser
some one lyed on the make up chair opened eyes and touching her cheeks
a girl was getting a face massage by from someone
he wiped a product over her face.
its a beauty parlar place, the lady face to the beautician, after the face was very looking.
a women touching her cheeks and saying so soft.
a girl is laying back on a red pillow then she rises her head and rubs her face.
a woman lying on a bed lends herself to a facial beauty treatment
woman being filmed while on a chair in a place that appears to be a beauty studio
a women laying in achair wake up and touching her face, telling so soft with a laugh
a girl is singing in the tv show got talent
a lady girl singing on stage while the camera focuses on her.
a young girl is singing on a massive stage with several chairs in front of her which are turned around.
a little girl with a pony tail is giving a forceful singing performance on stage.
girl singing amazing song with amazing voice on singing show
girl sings a song during a performance on a tv show.
a girl is singing on a big stage decorated with blue  and green light
man singing on freshman tv show
a girl is singing on a stage with audience watching
a girl is singingin stage.
movie star angelina jolie is practicing her stunts.
a group of people move about, seemingly rehearsing a number of movements
there are a bunch of people on set and there is a man talking about a female actor.
a stunt women discusses with her team a certain maneuver.
how angelina jolie prepared for her flying scenes in maleficent
a guy is talking about a woman in presumably a play, talking about how shes thinks her wings would preform.
angelina jolie goes over a dance move in a performance and a directer speaks about how she was very dedecated to her role.
an interview of actors preparing and practicing for a role involving wings.
four people in the background rehearsing while a man is discussing whatâ€™s happening.
a group of actors work through a physical scene in front of a blue backdrop as an offscreen voice describes what they are doing.
he is singing happy birthday to max
having two pump coming smoke and a boy give some expression.
it is scene from a movie  where the villain connecting something in the machine
reserching about such kind of chemicals at lab for a new inventions
a man wearing glasses is doing some sort of science experiment and there is smoke coming out of the experiment.
a scene from a movie where a man is installing a pipe which appears to be cut
a scientist is making experiments in the lab
a black man with glasses carrying out a scientific experiment
a guy in glasses is holding two pipes and staring at them.
a person singing and grabbing two devices located in front of him. the man is wearing glasses and is bent over.
5 kids standing aparted and dancing for an english song with a painting as a background
all of the children are taking dance lessons to attend the event
a five small kids dancing in stage performance with music
girls are dancing on the street and having enjoy
a group of young girls dancing for a wounderful song
five kids dancing on stage while the song runs in the background.
the girls are dancing on the song sung by a boy.
five kids are dancing on the road
the little girls dancing very unique and energetic performance.
six kids wearing red and white dress dancing
woman handling a sheet of paper with glitter, a hot glue gun and a bag with colored papers
various crafting ingredients are shown on a purple work-tile, all needed to craft ornamentic artwork.
a woman with gray nail polish holds a pink towel, glue and confetti in her hands
we have a woman who prepares herself at a table to make creations by hand
there is a person who is playing around with a lot of glitter
the person placing the glittering sheet in the table and getting ready to decorate the paper by small balls
a guy is working on his craft works in a table
a woman handles a pink paper, then picks up a hot glue device and confetti.
the hands of a woman and paper,hot glue and other things
she is showing you how to make beautiful packaging.
a man is singing while walking by some trees outside.
a man in white t-shirt singing in the middle of a woodland
a white woman with black hair is singing and walking
music clip with oriental man alone in field with lots of trees
the singer is singing a song.
a lady in sunny day moves alone in forest and singing to herself.
a young man with an earring and short brown hair walks in the wilderness singing a ballad.
a young japanese is singing in a park or forest
a girl walking and singing her heart out
a women sing the song the outside nature
a video showing pictures of people wearing weird high-heeled shoes.
different models and colors of high heels slipper are displaying
image of some sandals of pink heels and after some sandals of transparent heels
a video showing ladies heel footwear
there are two different pictures of women's feet wearing high heeled shoes.
advertising a variety of women's sandals with high heels
a scene of a woman modeling pink and clear acrylic chunky heel ankle strap shoes against  their respective grey and white backgrounds.
two models of high-heeled sandals, one pink and the other transparent.
two pairs of heel sandals one of which is pink colored and other silver colored with women legs and some icon on the upper left.
feet wearing pale pink, high heeled sandals, then feet wearing lucite high heeled sandals.
a male showing how to hammer a strip of metal into place.
a man with tattooed arms is giving directions on how to use the hammer to repair something made out of metal.
one person is explaining about how to fix the table using hammer
a person with tattoos hammers an object in place.
a guy with tattoos on his hand is picking a hammer and hitting an object.
a tatooed man wprking on steel fabrication withe a hammer and some tools on the table
a man holds a tool and makes gestures towards a piece of a construct.
the person is using hammer.
the hammer is used to place the aluminum bar.
a person with tatoo on his hands is hitting nails with a hammer
its a classroom,where a teacher is taking class by showing globe.everyone is listening and three girls were near her.
a video of an old classroom with kids putting up messages of teachers.
video with old photos of classrooms, showing an outdated way of teaching.
old images of classroom classes and teachers while music plays in the background.
the clip shows two black and white pictures of a classroom from yester years.
there are a lot of people in a classroom and trying to learn.
a video showing a promotional clip with vintage classrooms.
old time school classroom. students sitting in their desks.
text appears over black and white images of children at school
someone is looking at some student in class.
there is a person walking in a strange room and this person is is observing
a musician playing piano with a headphone in his overhead.
an old man with long hair playing a black piano.
a man with glasses, long hair with a headset playing the piano
an old man with eyesight glasses in black suit is playing piano melodiously and enjoying himself
a person is playing the piano in the house.
a man using headphones. is recorded while playing a piano
a girl wearing headphone and  playing music in a dark room.
a man playing a piano is moving his head to the music he's playing.
a man playing the piano with other musical devices including a microphone in front of him. he is playing a classical sounding musical piece.
the car tier is very grippe.
a guy with the black top on is talking about the wheels on the big vehicle.
the man with the black t-shirt is talking about the wheel of the car.
a man is explain for car wheel, and he is something speaking
a man is discussing the wheels on his car.
white man with sunglasses being recorded while analyzing a car wheel
a man is saying something about his car
a black t shirt man showing the car's alloy wheel
a man shows off 18 inch gold alloy wheels on his truck
a man observing the parts of a car
man in a spiderman suit flying across town after an accident occurs.
a movie clip showing spiderman jumping high in air
spiderman using his web for private buildings in a movie.
spiderman is flying through the air and then falling while a void said everything.
the video is a segment of the movie spider-man
a dump truck rams a police vehicle as spider-man is observed flying over the new york skyline.
an amazing spider man
there is a truck brock a white car and the super men flying in the sky pf the city may be he gonna see whats going on.
a big truck is destroying cars and the spider is jumping
spiderman flies through the city streets in an attempt to stop an eighteen wheeler running through traffic.
a women in swimming costume walks near a man and talking seriously.
a man siting closes his nootebook and a woman walk to him to talk.
a man in a pink shirt and a woman in a blue negligee are talking.
a person with pink shirt is sitting in sofa talking with woman
women said to apolish her lifwe to maintain network
a person sits in a sofa,  a lady with black dressing come and tell we have to do some thing and give some ideas
a man is sitting on the couch. his wife is coming to talk with him.
man in pink shirt sitting on sofa watching woman talking to him
the female with black dress is talking and walking towards the male.
a lady is walking in straight talking to her man
there is a giraffe with long tongue and someone is talking about his tongue
giraffe have long tongues and they are known for that
a man gives facts about giraffe tongues.
in a zoo, a girafee is taking food from tourist with it long tongue
a man describing the length of a giraffe tongue and how it is useful.
video with photo of giraffe's tongue and information about it
the long tongue of a giraffe is observable on these still images.
a picture of a giraffe stretches it's tong in full length.
image with a giraffe with the tongue out and a narrator describing how useful it is.
narrator discussing the length of a giraffes tongue over video of same.
the person is decorating  the yummy cake with whipped white cream.
a beautiful pastry cake is med by someone with a knife.
it is demo of decoration of cake.
the girl prepared to the cake
the videos shows two donuts and a cake being decorated
a person decorates a three layer cake with white frosting.
a person is preparing a sweet cake on the table or desk
showing a technique for confectioning cake on a turntable.
a women making multilayered cake with different flav
a person baking a cake and putting icing on both layers of the cake.
the name of this bat is tumbler beat by the person speaking and telling to check the youtube channel
a black bat upside down licking his own mouth.
its a bat upside down licking its tongue
the man will speaking, to show the animal, the man explained.
a black bat hanging upside down with a man in the back round talking.
a black bat with yellow eyes is hanging upside down and sticks its tongue out.
a black bat hangs upside down and opens its mouth.
a bat was shown and a man gives the reference and  explanation of it.
a black bat is hanging upside down and moving there ears and face.
the bats was hanging upside down and sharply seeing something and moves its ears continuously.
male voice giving instructions inside an automobile on how to unlock the door
a person sitting inside a car is just loooking into interiors
demonstration of unlocking a car door from inside manually by pulling the lever
a person is telling about the car door
in the car a man speaking about open the door.
a person speaks about car .
a person open the car door and
a car with a broken unlock button that has to be opened by pulling a lever.
a man showing his beautiful inner view of a car.
in this video we can see a man inside a car and is talking
the girls are trying to sell a dress and are singing about it.
a play tpm video a girl sings and hands a blond haired older girl a red shirt to try on.
several young women perform in a scene in a stage production.
the group of people are performing on the stage.
the young actress is giving the woman with long blonde hair a pink dress as she sings and speaks in an excited state.
there are a few girls on stage acting.
two actresses have dialogue on stage before one hands a pink shirt over to the other.
a group of young actors perform a play on a small stage in an auditorium.
a woman wearing white sings while presenting a red garment to a woman in a pink skirt.
performance of a play, three young girls on stage, one of them going to try on red dress
there are 2 blue motorbikes in the woods standing near to each other
someone is looking at two bikes and taking a video.
video shows two blue motorcycles in a landscape with large trees
two motorcycles in the middle of the field are recorded in detail.
branding two new blue sports bike
there are two blue hikes shown in the camera view which looks great
two blue bikes are parked on a ground.
two blue and black with a little bit of chrome racing motorcycles being displayed at different angles with an intense music at the background
an advertisement of 2 blue motorcycles with the brand name motorbeam
viedo camera watching the bike
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
thor is talking with a girl, he is tallest than her.
a woman is talking to thor by rubbing him
a young woman touches thor's chest comic character
a famous character thor from marvel is talking with a woman
the group of people were walking around the facilities outside.
scene from the thor film.
a woman in a beanie is talking to a muscly blonde man
thor from the avengers talks to a girl who compliments her abs
in this video we can see thor speaking with a girl
descriptions of two paintings by an artist
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a man is sitting in a yellow chair with a mug.
there are two people talking about some painting.
the old mand sitting so sad and the mother and her baby are sitting together
there are portraits of people depicted on paintings
a person describing several art work done with painting.
paintings showing a guy in his armchair and two women.
paintings of an old man relaxing and another one of two womens
a person is talking about his morning and a picture of a woman is showing in the video
showing the pole vault.
tv show with person attempting to pole vault the longest distance.
an athlete in a striped shirt doing a jump on a very large pole
a variation of pole vaulting is shown. man lands with rather significant impact.
a high jumper lands on the sand after a jump.
an athlete is practising his jump in an open ground
a man dressed in a blue and white shirt is jumping with a pole while the audience is on the bleachers watching.
a man playing some athlete long jumps in front of bunch of peoples
while a sports commentator is speaking, a man jumps from a high stick in an outdoor sports competition.
a pole vaulter in blue, white, and red vaults for a crowd as a voice narrates.
the man was singing the old song as nature in front of mic
a person aring win black
a singer is singing a beatiful song and playing it.
a man playing a guitar and a singer singing a song.
the person is singing a song on the stage.
a man is singing a song and lyrics are appearing beside him
a person is singing in stage with guitar playing
a guy with black clothes is singing while playing the guitar.
a man is singing
a black dressing man singing a song infront of a mic
lady showing how to get ready by using making and spraying primer all over the face from a distance with a technique.
introducing a product for the face.
a woman sprays something all over her face looking in the mirror
a girl is talking about cosmetics and a girl showing her hairs
a women applying make up product for an advertisement
a group of ladies are acting for a wounderful product.
a young woman is describing various beauty technics.
a woman is spraying something all over her face
a woman is modeling in for a makeup brand.
a girl spray in her hair and give the pose in front of camera
a person with blue colour dress standing infront of mic and talking something
a comedian in blue and black clothes to applause from an audience crowd
a person standing at the mike with bluish grey suite is being applauded by his listeners.
a man in a blue suit is introducing himself to an audience in which he applauds for some satisfying introduction he has done!
a man is waiting for the applauds from the audience to die down so he can continue his segment.
in a net comedy show,audience are laughing at the stand-up comedian.
a man in blue suit is saying something to the crowd
a man in blue dress is standing in front of a microphone while listening to a round of applause.
a person wearing the court suite and speaking the mike in the stadium
a man in glasses wearing a blue suit standing in front of a microphone on a stage
there is a man who is climbing a mountain and there is a man screaming.
a red shirt man is running on the hills side
music plays, while a person runs from a distance high up on the mountains.
a person running on the mountain while the image moves away
a man in red t-shirt and shorts is running in the top of the mountain. a man in the background encouraging him to continue the mountain climbing.
a person running the mountain hills climbing
a man running very fast on hilly ground and some stones are also there
a man is running up a hill. rural vistas. mountain area.
a person climb hill and had be run fast away
a man in red t-shirt and a white short wearing shoes is seen running on a narrow path of a mountainous range.
a man on stage wishes the best to the winner of a competition and says he wishes them to be focused.
ricky martin giving advice to contestants on a competition show.
the man is standing on the stage talking in the microphone.
a man talking on the show the voice, wishing luck to others.
a man dressed in black speaks into a microphone for a tv show.
a man holds a microphone on a stage and talks to another man, who is also on stage, while a crowd cheers.
a contestant on the voice is giving advice to the future winner.
the man wearing a black shirt  and holding a microphone  shares advice to the winner of a singing contest.
two men on stage talk to each other about another person.
it was 2 guy one of them in a suite and the other is in a black tshirt.
a grunett girl puts something on her foot, blows at her foot and wipes off the substance maybe powder off her foot with her sock.
someone is trying to rub their skin with a socks.
a little girl demonstrating how to clean the leg
a young girl in a white dress showing a good way to remove sand off your feet
there's a girl with glasses on her head who is going to rub sand on her legs.
a female holds a sock and rubs it on her leg and then laughs
a woman in a white dress follows a tutorial for removing sand.
a young woman blowing off a table and then putting her foot on to the table.
a woman wearing a white shirt rubs the bottom of her foot with a pink  and white sock.
a woman rubs a rock on her foot to remove sand.
a young redheaded boy looks outside at a snowman and shivers, tries to sleep, but then arises and puts his coat on.
a little boy in the blanket likes to sleep and enjoy his time in bed
the young child is standing at the window looking outside.
a boy in blue pajamas goes to the window and then goes to bed.
a young boy gets out of his bed to look out of his window at a stranger standing there.
a cartoon boy with red hair is looking out the window at a man.  he gets cold and gets back under the covers in his bed.  he then gets back up and slips his coat on.
a young red headed boy in pajamas looking out his bedroom window.
a young boy in blue pajamas looks out the window then hops into bed under his covers.
an animated boy in red hair looks out the window to see snow and shivers.
some one is watching a video of a scary kids.
a different type of white fish inside the water.
the person talks about a different species of fish showing its footage.
in the video shows a people in the aquarium enjoying the water
the white broadclub cuttlefish in the ocean water.
an octopus is swimming on the sea and the reporter is talking about it
underwater shooting in a coral reef with a small marine life
a narrator talks about a curious-looking translucent invertebrate marine species. the specimen is submerged and hovering under a rocky region on the seabed.
commenting and showing a kind of people under the sea.
an organism that move under the ocean
a man narrates information regarding cuttlefish in a documentary.
inside the control deck of a barge there are 3 windshield wipers wiping away the mist
three vipers are viping the glass in the moving ship.
a guy is unleashing a cushion and pressing it
a boat sails with a lot of fog, you can just see the other end
pendulums are moving behind the glass.there is fog outside .
looks like sum sort of vehicle driving in the rain with it's windshield wipers on toward a bridge.
the wipers of the ship are seen moving very fast while there is a sea storm.
there are a lot of windshield wippers and there's a lot of epic music.
the cabin of a ship, in a storm with big waves while tension music plays
a dramatic song plays as windsheild whippers move back and forth.
there are two girls with pink gymnastics suits showing their skills in front of other people.
two girls are practicing gymnastics on the floor
children train artistic gymnastics under the supervision of their technicians.
a group of children in pink gym clothes are seen practicing.
large gym in which little girls do gymnastics
young gymnasts doing a floor warn up routine.
few kids doing gymnastic practice in an indoor stadium.
warm up very good excercise
two team of girls on red and blue dress respectively practicing a dance.
the gymnasist were in a practice session for their competition
showing a research result about a syndrome
one comments on quotes from a person named cindy on a program that appears to be about politics.
a male person tries to explain the findings through a screen presentation.
a large electronic panel showing some important information.
exhibition of the phrases said by a person called cindy
some text writing on screen.
on dr phil show the tv monitor shows cindy's quotes about danlos syndrome.
screen of a newscast showing someone's statements, while someone reads them.
it is dr phill show and he is talking about ehlers syndrome
a person is explaining  about cindy quotes and he is doing a research  on it
daughter explaining to her mother why she came late to the home
a blonde girl  talking about her feelings to a friend
tow teens girls talking about the weekend plans.
a woman with blonde hair and a lamp
there is  picture of a woman who has a lot of nice brown hair
a white dressing women speak something
a young blonde woman talking to another older black-haired woman
a woman with blonde hair is trying to convince another woman to go somewhere.
a girl with white hair & dress talking to another lady with black dress.
blonde girl talking to woman with short curly hair.
a female is teaching to other female with a backgroung voice.
scene of a conversation between two women from a famous american series
there is a woman that say not work more
a nurse is not in work mood anymore after she returns from the hospital
a woman in a lab coat speaks to another woman who is buying something from a vending machine.
a women speaking with a docter
lady's voice is narrating a hospital scene with two ladies in it.
two women standing by the vending machine talking. one is putting in money to buy something.
a woman wearing a suit is talking to the docton
in hospital two ladies talking each other and a lady put a piece of paper into the box.
a man sitting in a chair talks about goals.
a man wearing blue shirt is speaking with text beside him
a hash colored men speaking and explain something
a man explains about the product with lot of expressions.
the person with grey shirt is talking in an interview.
a man is sitting in an arm chair talking and moving his hands.
a person speaking about some general to topic
a man in blue formal shirt is giving tips for success
the man speaking into the another person on the house
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
asian man is talking assertively. he wears beige columbo coat.
a young man with neatly draped white shirt and brown trench jacket seems to be emphasising his point to someone.
asian man is sitting and talking to someone.
there is a man is brown dress and he is talking something
man with white shirt and beige coat talks to someone in front of him and then with someone else beside him.
a man speaking something in the movie clip
a small brief performance from the video to people
a man narrating a fact of everyday life
a person in sandal dress is having a conversation with another person who is sitting beside him.
a white man in beige dress and white shirt inside with some text in blue on the screen below.
a blue cartoon cat, wearing a christmas hat, dances, against a red background, to a fast-paced christmas song in dance style
a dancing blue colour tom cartoon dancing and the end snowball fight visible
a blue cat wearing a red hat is dancing as the background changes from red to green and back to red
a happy and funny animated cat is dancing for celebration
an animated cat dancing in a musical video.
a cat animated dancing video with changing color background
blue animated cat with a green scarf and red santa hat dancing to christmas music while the background color changes from green to red.
a blue cat dancing with a santa hat and a yellow scarf in front of a screen of several colors
an animated blue cat and red party hat dances as the background changes from red to green
a blue cat is dancing with a christmas hat on with different colour background flashing.
in deep blue sea a whale is swimming, on a boat man wearing black is singing with a mike in his hand.
a man is singing a song and a video of shark is played
musical video with underwater shooting and fish in a crown
a fish inside the sea and a man standing on a boat and singing at night
a shark is swimming in the water and a guy in black is singing.
someone have taken the video on see with the big shark.
some one is playing a guitar and singing a song
a man moving through the ocean and singing
a men is singing a song with sea background
a man is singing song up of a brick , under a shark is swimming in the water
someone on two colored pink shirt and gold chain talking to a female.
a young man talking to lady and laughing at some point.
a japanese boy talking to a girl and smiling
an oriental boy with long hair talking to an oriental girl.
man talking with girl and laughing
it shows two teenagers, a male and a female, talking in japanese. the girl is clearly uncomfortable.
an oriental man in a pink shirt talking to a woman seriously and then smiling at the end
a guy and a girl are talking in a video
the boy is talking to a girl.
a man with long hair is talking korean to another young woman.
a man is dressed in fashionable clothes from 2005, so a group of other people take off his clothes and put on more modern ones
a man in black shirt is seen dancing
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
man dancing changing clothes with help of women.
a man with glasses dancing and then his clothes are changed
the person with black shirt is dancing to a music playing in the background.
a man standing holding his head, then dancing with black sunglasses on and then having people dress him in a different outfit.
man making glasses and clothes cmercial
a man dressed up by a group of people including male and female.
the new design of fashion of year 2005 fashion is empowering.
man in hoody is rapping in front of a railway at an intersection.
a man in black coat covering his head walking near the train track by singing a rock song.
a boy is singing and dancing on the street
a man in black dress is singing on the road
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man in black jack sings on the road near the railway track with heavy music played.
the person with black dress is singing a song and walking on the street.
a black dressing man dancing and singing a song in the street
a man enjoys his dance and song and he is acting very well.
a hooded man sings hip-hop in a neighborhood while walking.
a man is receiving a medical treatment for his deformed nose.
a man in the hospital receiving nose surgery.
a older gentleman is having a procedure done on his nose. his nose is being worked on by two providers at the same time.
an older gentleman having some sort of surgery on his nose
a man with a growth on his nose being removed.
a man is asleep during an operation on his nose.
a surgery being done on a man with a very deformed nose.
the person is getting something injected into their nose there.
someone is having work done on them at the doctors.
a man lying down on the doctor table with two doctors working on his nose.
a man in a grey hoodie loading and shooting a gun.
a man holding a gun explains about steps of shooting. he aims at distant object and shoots towards it.
a man in a hoodie and a baseball cap shows an ammunition store and makes a shot
a man who wear the cap shoot his handygun
a young man wearing glasses, a grey hoodie and a billed cap fires a gun at a target.
a man with cap wearing introcuce a gun and shoot
on a secluded country road, a man fires a handgun at a target.
man presents cartridge with firearm ammunition, and fires in an uninhabited forest area
the person with grey hoodie is holding a gun and shootiing.
a man in a hoodie shows ammunition from a gun and then shoots.
there are some people who are singing and dancing and there are fans screaming.
in the stage, one woman singing pop musics others are dancing
some asian group of people singing on a stage.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a group of people wearing black dress and caps are singing and dancing on the stage and the crowds are cheering.
a kpop boy band sings and dances on an auditorium program.
a group of young boys perform on a very bright and lighted up stage.
a dance group is dancing and singing at the same time in east asian language probably japanese or korean.
a team of boys singing and dancing on a studio floor.
a male singer singing in a stage show with other crew around.
an instructional video on how to make unicorn bows.
the people are making art projects from the pink thing.
someone is preparing to make a diy project
an image of three unicorn hair bows and then someone pointing out all of the tools needed to make them with that list on the screen in purple text.
three paper arts were kept which was wonderfully and then a person try to explain how the paper arts are made and what things are used to make that paper art
a lady has all of the materials to make unicorn bows
a tutorial on how to make unicorn bows.
a pair of hands pick up various small items needed for a project.
someone is trying to make a cartoon design with paper.
there are three cute looking bows and then there is a list of materials needed to make the bows.
a yellow crane is showing in the workshop
a new big size jcb vehicle standing in the godown and front of the jcb is look nice
jcb machine explain to the person
a video of a man describing how he is going to clean a jcb.
video of a man discussing maintenance of a  new holland tractor
a man is talking about a tractor in a garage.
a man is talking about a heavy construction machine that is yellow
automotive garage is shown, with a huge tractor in the middle.
heavy marchinery with yellow body paint on display.
a trucker that's yellow and black branded new holland in the garage.
mother giving training baby how to swim in the swimming pool.
a young woman wearing a black swimsuit and swim glasses is in a pool holding a baby in her arms
the lady is teaching the baby how to swim.
mother with her baby in a pool, splashing and quickly taking the baby out of the water
sentence 1 : a mother bath her baby in a swimming pool sentence 2: both are wearing swimming dresses and mother play with a baby
a woman holding a baby afloat in a swimming pool.
a mother and baby is inside a water of swimming pool
a women is playing with her baby in swimming pool
mom plays with baby in the pool and likes it
a woman is in the pool with a baby
an animated cartoon character is moving on the ice
a snowman is coming alive and sets his sights on the night sky.
a white animal dresed in muffler, beanie and gloves is walking through snow and looking at snowflakes.
an animated snowman with cap is dancing to a song.
small snowman child made of snow in winter clothes singing about snow.
the snowman is enjoying the beautiful snowy evening.
a snowman with red hat and red scarf is walking on the snowy day.
the panda will playing is cold session.
an animation with snowman.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the video shows the unboxing of a product, and a male voice is narrating in the background of the video
a man is talking about his papers and throwing some unused stuff
a man taken out all papers one by one and then taken out frame.
it shows a person removing papers from a box and taking a kind of frame.
someone is taking papers out of the device and throwing it away.
a video showing the unpacking of a new instrument with manuals.
1. a person open new purchased item and take the brochure outside and start installation
a guy is throwing some stuff from a box and then is picking an object out of a box.
there is a person throwing papers away from a box and then taking an equipment from the same box
a person throw the papers in outside and pick up the frame
black dress women speaks with great gesture in front of the river
a girl is talking about a product which is reliable and good for the peoples
a young lady describing  the transportation system in the uk.
a young women speaks while standing in the bank of a river.
a women is explaning in an open area near water source
a lady is speaking a information before a bridge
woman speaking near a bridge
there is a woman who is standing on a path next to a river.
an american woman talks about a good debit card to get if you are traveling to the uk from another country.
a woman in a grey cardigan speaks about something near water as a large blue card appears next to her.
the dance show with the group of boys are performing on stage.
musical video with a lot of dancing guys in a big dark hall
a korean boy band is performing a song with numerous dancers.
a group of young kids dancing to loud music singing the words, bow, wow, wow.
a large group of young men sing and dance a contemporary song.
a few boys of dancing team on the floor with a lovely music.
a group of stylish people dancing and having fun
there are many people and they are dancing singing and enjoying
asian kids are dancing around in a hangar to loud music.
a big group of dancers perform on a stage with lots of energy and loud music.
batman standing over a villain describing a plot line to him.
the person in the mask is talking in the dark room.
a black masked man questions another masked man against a wall.
batman kneeling and talking to bain while bain is on the ground.
a man in a bat costume talks to a man in a muzzle.
a man in a batman costume talks to woman who is sitting and wearing a costume.
man is talking to the women with creepy back ground music.
batman is talking to bane about the location of a child.
batman is talking to bane and making a powerful and bold statement
it looks like some one is watching batman movie.
a girl wearing a white dress is brushing her teeth.
a beautiful young woman shows us how to brush your teeth properly
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a gale is tooth brushing in the bothroom
a woman with long brown hair is brushing her teeth.
a girl is using some powder and brushing her teeth by giving instructions
a girl is brushing her front teeth before taking a drink of water.
the girl was brushing her teeth with the blue tooth brush.
a brunette woman brushes her teeth and rinses her mouth
she is teaching you how to brush your teeth in the right way.
someone is painting a picture of butterflies flying from jar in the night.
someone is painting a beautiful blue butterfly in the bottle and some are flying off.
a woman making butterfly painting out of the pot
the person paints the beautiful blue butterfly in the piece of cloth.
a person is painting blue butterflies on a picture while soft music is playing.
a person  colouring the painting in butterfly pictures
an artist painting a nature with butterflies giving final touch to the art.
a person works on a painting that shows butterflies and grass at nighttime.
painting a blue butterfly on a starry night with green lawn
someone painting a landscape with butterflies, a blue sky and grass, with a container with paint next to it
hands over a plastic
a person takes a piece of tape and puts it down on a surface.
white hands gluing a durex tape over a plastic that is covering a table / counter and a bald white man with glasses appears wearing a long sleeve shirt and jeans pants
plastic tape is being applied to a soft, regular surface. the hands are observable as they apply the plastic tape unto the surface.
hands joining two pieces of plastic with transparent tape
the man tap the parcel paper
a man describing how to insulate using a plastic.
a person explains after installation , we have to paste 2 inch poly plastic on the wall
white poly-plastic is being joined with clear tape, narrated with instructions.
a man putting transparent tape on a plastic
a man takes a bite of pizza and then tells how delicious is it.
a man is eating some sandwich in a street cafe somewhere
a man is eating something and loving the food .
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a man samples a piece of fried snack food; nods his head and states that they are doing great things in that food truck.
the man is eating a some of the dish and appreciating it
a man eats something that he likes very long and then shows it to the camera
man in front of a camera is eating a meal.
a man is eating something and enjoying the taste of the food.
a man is eating food and talking about how good it is.
the news reporter is talking about some news in the background.
a reporter is talking about a few people shopping in the shop.
a rack of clothes in a market and a group of people being waited on in a shop.
a person taking about the store shown in the news, that different types of consumers are coming here for purchasing goods.
a women and a man buying clothes from a shop and the sales man showing the choice of clothes
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the news channel dedicate the cloths showroom and their details
an argument is ensuing in a middle eastern clothing store.
advertising arabic store with clothes, sellers and buyers
a man is talking on the news which show a clothes shop in the middle east.
there's a room with a record player. on another table is luggage. there's a woman in front of the bed singing. she's wearing a red jacket and blue skirt.
a cute lady in blue and red costume is singing according to an old fashioned music player.
a woman wearing a red leather jacket is singing. this is the start to a music video.
a woman in a red jacket and blue skirt stands in the middle of a colorful bedroom.
she is singing in a clip.
there is a person who is walking around in a red jacket
a women sing a song in her home
a lady beautifuly giving pose to a video with colorful dress.
a women in red colored coat keeping her hands in the hip and sings a pop song.
a lady with red jacket and blue skirt is singing in her bedroom in day time.
a young woman speaking in public explaining something
a woman in a sparkly shirt and a mic headset gives some kind of talk while onstage.
a girl having participated on the stage
women with microphone on the month move slowly and talk to the people.she said i will try the answer with my broke english
a woman  with a black shirt talks and makes hands gestures while
some guy is taking funny for super boy tv series  and he is wearing green mask and cape
a girl is speaking in the mike.
a woman in disco outfit is giving a speech about her broken english.
a woman in a gold lame jacket and stretch pants is talking to an audiance about something about english and being in a foreighn country.
a lady talking to an audience who are listening to her
the car shown in the video is half done and its under construction.
the unfinished car is there in the car manifacturing unit
the person is talking about the body of a car in a manufacturing unit.
some guy is playing  and explaining the parts of the car
a display of the black prototype car without wheels in the showroom.
a man is filming a car frame in a car factory
the car maiking company with their parts
a man shooting how cars are made inside of a car factory.
an incomplete car appears in a car factory while a man comments on the video.
a black car is being assembled within a facility.
a classic concert with dozens of musicians playing in a giant theater
musicians are performing in front of large crowd
a small orchestra and conductor dressed in black and white performs on a stage in front of a projector screen with a purple logo reading paradise symphony orchestra projected on it.
symphony orchestra playing a piece at concert in a dark lit theater.
there is a person who is waving around a stick to instruct people to play their instruments.
an orchestra plays classical music on stage with a logo prominently display in the background.
orchestra playing symphonic music and being guided by the conductor
symphony orchestra in a concert
a violin  class is going and the students are learning  how to play it from their teacher
an instructor making group of voileners to play music with a sign instruction.
funny cartoon characters are just playing around in cartoon clip
baby panda has fun with mom panda at the zoo
two panda eating a grass and one fall down and playing each other
two pandas are playing with each other at the zoo.
a group small panda  playing with the tree
two pandas at a zoo are lying on a tree stump and playing with branches.
two pandas are eating green leafs in a very funny way and playing with each other.
pandas playing. the baby panda falls on the biggest and starts jumping on it
a young panda falls off a stump and wrestles with a bigger panda while music plays and people laugh.
a documentary of animals in there habitat
a woman stands in a luxurious closet describing how she incorproated led fixtures from ikea.
a woman in a white room shows the audience her bags and other items and the storage
the lady was talking about handbags and the handbags are looking very pretty
a woman with long hair inside a big closet describes issues about lighting.
a girl with white colour top taking handbag and telling about it
woman in white shirt shows her bags in the closet
a girl is talking about how to remodel her closet.
a woman in tan pants describing a shelf full of purses.
a woman in a white blouse and beige pants in the bedroom shows several bags on the shelf.
a woman talking about lights and decoration in a very fancy closet.
a woman singing and dancing very well
five girls are singing and dancing on stage into microphones.
a group of five women sing on stage while doing a choreography
five girls are singing and dancing energetically on stage
five women singing at a concert where the audience is cheering in the background.
five women singing on a stage and dancing a little
a video of a show that depicts 4 women singing simultaneously
great choriography, aligned voices, beautiful girls the perfect recipe to captivate the audience and reach the expected success
group of young girls singing song on a stage.
a female group of performers are singing on a small venue
a man with grey suit reading news in a news channel.
the man speaking a break news
a person inform to the breaking news
a news reader announces breaking news on police cop death and says the other reporter is at the particular location.
a reporter is reporting the news that one of three officers who shot down is died.
news report by young man in a grey suit on the red background
a presenter with grey suits is sitting down and report an incident.
a news reader giving some hot and important news from the studio.
a man with coat suit is reading breaking news in a tv channel
a man wearing grey suit is reading news
old troopers how they studied their whole life to explain it
a video excerpt from a presentation featuring frederick niche, benjamin franklin and winston churchill.  the slide asks about the accomplishments on these men in their day. the video has a male narrator.
number of historical big persons are being dispalyed
it is scene from grey's anatomy and  the doctors  are discussing about someone
a speaker introduces the topic of how famous figures like ben franklin and winston churchill scheduled their day.
a man is talking about creative poeple like wilson chirchul and nitcha
some national leaders are picturing them
man talking about daily life of famous personality
a man narrates the schedules of accomplished figures such as benjamin franklin and winston churchill.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
people are watching a puppet show in which one puppet taking a blue chair.
a person is playing some puppets and some children are watching the show
a puppet player performing and also imitating his lead with a whistle and children watching.
children enjoying a puppet show.
a red color dress man jump over and took up the chair.
a commentator conducts a puppet show while the music plays in the background.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
a puppet show takes place and a man voices the speech of one of the characters.
there is a puppet show for children and several kids are watching.
some puppets are making a presentation for a group of children.
a singer is performing with a band onstage.
michael bolton is singing on stage during a concert.
a man in a black shirt sings a romantic song while another man plays an instrument.
a man in a black shirt is singing and performing in a stage.
a man is singing a song in a stage
a man with short blonde hair and wearing a blue shirt is singing into a microphone on a stage with a guitarist.
the man sings a song by holding the mike
a male singer singing in a stage show with other crew around.
a man in black t shirt is singing a song in a mike on stage.
a person in black dress is singing a song
it is a episode about a 16 year old girl shannon from england.
a motorcyclist is driving down a road as a girl is shown with the british flag superimposed over her.
a man rides past on a motorcycle then we see a girl.
a teenage girl in england had 120 bikers knock on her door.
a motorist cycling in an open road which is so clear
the person is riding on their motorcycle along the street.
there is a video of a person looking into the camera with the flag showing
a motorcycle comes winding around the corner while alone on a road.
someone is talking about a 16 years old girl.
the story recounts how a sixteen year old girl from hampshire, england was visited by 120 bikers who knocked on her door.
a man in black casual dress is going somewhere in a car at night and is thinking in a very curious manner
handsome male movie character in the back of an automobile, possible taxi cab
a person  travel by the car
a man holds his hand over his mouth before scratching his neck while riding in the back of a car.
a man thinks to himself as he rides in the back of a vehicle.
a musical video with a man at the back seat of a car having a thought.
a man travels in his car wearing black coat by hearing a melody song.
a man in deep contemplation riding in a car at night
a man in black dress travelling in car thinking about something.
man at the backseat of a car in movement reflecting about something while cars are shown in the background
several foreign people wearing mask on their faces while a news cast runs with words on the screen about pneumonia and huanan seafood market.
a male voice narrates a video linking pneumonia to a fish market.
covid-19 information stating the facts of the corona virus and how it began.
a commentary about covid starting in wuhan like a documentary.
a crowd of people wearing face masks are standing in a white room as an off camera voice speaks about wuhan and then slide graphics are shown.
a reporter speaks over a document in foreign text
a man is talking to about virus in china. it was december 31,2019. cases are link to china and there market
a public announcement which was made on the last day of 2019 suggest an admission by china of the virus and its origins.
chinese scientific reports help to pinpoint the potential origins of the wuhan virus.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a guy is talkng about bats there are a lot of them.
a narrator is talking about the lives of bats.
bats flying in large numbers and some bats are hanging in the trees.
thousands of bats flying and few of them are hanging on trees and voice explains that one quarter of the world mammals species are bats.
a man explaining about bat species.
a large flock of birds fly by some bare trees in the evening.
several bats fly across the sky and others are on trees
a lot of bats are flying away while some of them are hanging on the trees
a man is describing bats and their weight and their population. there are many bats flying around.
a large group of bats are flying in a desert as some bats re seen hanging in the trees and a male voice is explaining it
a live concerts featuring two performers addressing the crowd and dancing.
two boys are singing and dance on the stage
a guy with white top and trousers is on the stage with large audience singing.
a rock star is performing on the stage
two rappers walk on stage and start singing while the audience rejoices
two persons are performing in the stage and the crowd is cheering them.
two singers step in front of the audience and begin to sing while the audience cheers.
in this videos there is a dancer wearing white clothes and vocal is wearing red hat ,blue jeans and green jacket
a singer singing song on stage in front of public
two persons are singing in stage
a handsome male performing in a music video with a nice suit and hat.
there is a man wearing a purple dress and he wears a hat
a man dressed in a wine suit and hat dancing in a white room with a piano in the corner
black man wearing a purple suit and hat dancing in a mansion while singing and doing some moves that resemble michael jackson's
one person in purple colour dress and wearing hat is singing and dancing slowly
a hollywood singer with hat is singing and dancing on a song.
man using a suit and purple hat in a musical clip
a man with blue costume is acting and singing while five ladies are sitting behind him.
a person wearing court suite and sing the song and he playing in dance
a tall man wearing blue jeans, green shirt and a coat with hat is dancing to loud music in his room decorated with beautiful window screens
video of a very particular artistic activity, well done
a woman is painting a bottle with pink color
a woman explains how to make a papier mache vase
the female is painting the craft with pink color using the painting brush.
a lady is gluing some pink paper onto a paper vase to make a piece of art.
some one is painting the hand craft with brush
a woman is making a vase whith white glue
this video shows some art and craft things in which it was rubbed with brush and pink color sheet is pasted upon it
a woman is giving tutorial to make something
a woman is giving training how to design a pot.
there are wolves with a full moon, it is an image that invites you to subscribe to a channel
many wolves are visible and there is also a full moon
video showing six different types of wolves with their latin nomenclature.
a video showing different breeds of wolves and their features.
different species of wolves.
a range of wolves are pictured in front of a full moon
images of six types of wolves with a small description above
a number of animals stand in front of the moon with a message on the screen.
showing types of wolfs, moon in the background popping subscribe now at last.
three wolves under the moon then suddenly changed into six wolves with music on.
an ancient pot which is painted golden color is a deep narrow pot with a small opening
a person is just checking on brass jug kept on table
a very long gold pot being shown by woman.
a person showing us a very big and beautiful vase.
a women is showing a beautiful golden vase which has been placed on a table
a woman is turning a tall empty golden vase standing on a table.
a person is showing a tall golden vase on camera.
a large golden vase standing against a white wall is being rotated and presented by the hands of a woman.
a lady rotating the brass jar with her hands
a woman turns and raises a golden jar
a girl practising dance in the floor of the institute or college
a blond female dancer dressed in a blue bikini top and black tights shows her moves in a studio.
a lady with black dressing shows how to do gymnastic
one girl is dancing on the music vey gracefully
in a studio with sky blue balloons a women dancing on the music with smile.
a girl with black colour dress hearing music and dancing
a woman in exercise apparel is dancing to pop music, she wearing black pants, and a blue blouse.
a girl is spinning and twirling around on the floor.
a young lady performing a dance routine  for the audience.
the black and blue dressed girl dancing. very grateful
a doctor is talking with pregnent lady about c section delivery
a man is talking to a woman about getting a c-section, but the woman wants to push.
two mens talking with woman patient in the hospital bed
man and his wife speak with a fear about their baby
woman in labor insists to doctor that she does not want a c-section and wants to give birth naturally.
a woman who appears to be pregnant talks with two men in a hospital room.
a sick lady admitted in the hospital.
the male with blue suit is talking with female lying on the bed.
a doctor advises a pregnant lady to do a c-section delivery.
a blonde woman is lying in a hospital bed. a man in a pink shirt is standing next to her bed while a doctor speaks to her.
an oriental guy putting pieces of wood together to build something
a man demonstrating how to make a furniture in diy show.
asian man working and building with wood materials.
sentence 1: a plumber start the work of to make full door and he wear half douser.
people are sitting around a table in low light while a man speaks in the background.
someone is building something with woods.
green shorte man works by fixing two small pieces of wood to a longer wood
a man is hammering wood in more wood and making something.
asian man assembling a furniture made of wood
a person in green shirt fixing furniture
a man in a checkered shirt and apron talks to the camera and prepares to make food.
man in an apron is in a kitchen putting flour in the jar
the cooking master demo for the some variety dish, is ready for cooking
a man takes all the dry ingrediants and mixes them into a bowl.
man in the kitchen with checkered shirt teaching how to prepare recipes
a male chef explaining some new dish in his kitchen
a man with a beard in a kitchen explains what type of flour he is using
in this video we can see a man explaining hot to prepare a cooking recipe
the chef is explaining the ingredients in the food.
a cooking show host describes the way he will sift some flour.
a crafting project is hot glued by a female subject.
a lady is making a beautiful craft work using silver paper.
a girl fixed the stone in cloth
a women making in craft and stick the paddles in card board
a woman is pasting a silver color leaf petal on a red color mat using glue.
someone is sticking silver colored leaves on the table with the help of glue gun
female demonstrating an arts and crafts project by gluing silver leafs to paper
someone is hot gluing pieces of foil onto something red .
someone making a craft our of tin foil and glue.
an artwork done by a lady with silver paper on a square piece of cloth
a woman is singing on an elaborate stage in front of an audience
a performer singing jar of hearts on the voice kids.
juror watches carefully a musical presentation in a freshman show.
performance of a person singing on a television program
there is a stage and a female singing voice is heard, but the singer is not in sight
woman performing during a musical program and judge with an appearance of impressed
tv program broadcasting the voice of a woman singing in a blue setting.
a video about a boy singing in the tv show the voice
scene of the voice program, a judge looks moved
there's a girl singing a song on a talent show
a beautiful multiple firework is conducted at the same time in the sky which forms a huge decorated light in the sky
in the video shows the celebration of something with many fires
golden fires being dropped in a cascade shape
long row of fireworks going off at the same time while a crowd cheers.
different types of color explosion exploided on the sky
large display of the beautiful and colourful fireworks in the night sky.
lots of firecrackers are exploding in the sky which sounds very nice
a fireworks finally is happening while people cheer.
some fire cracker is being shot at an open dark place
a beautiful fireworks display in a very dark and cloudless sky
woman dressed in white presents feminine clothing printed in blue and white colors
a lady holding up a ladies wear and explains about it.
a beautiful lady with long hair and a big ring in her right ear, wearing a simple white top explains about her newly purchased floral design night dress.
a woman in a white shirt shows a white shirt with blue details that is on a hanger
the female wearing a white dress is holding a dress in her hand and talking about it.
a woman wearing a white top holds up another piece of clothing piece by the hangar and talks.
a lady describing a cloth she bought to audience.
a woman explains her primary strategies on how to select clothes. she holds a dress in one hand.
a woman gives fashion reviews while displaying a blue blouse.
a lady in white is talking with a dress in her hands.
a lady wearing bracelets places a new chick among another 4 chicks where a white chicks tries to hit continuously another grey chick
some youtuber is showing off her small baby birds.
a cute young woman is caressing the chicken in the straw.
a female welcoming viewers to her channel.
there is a women who is showing a small chickens of a hen
woman is feeding chickens, and also polices the behavior the chickens exercise towards each other.
some chicken are walking in the grass with a girl
a group of baby ducks are chirping while a young girl is welcoming to a farm.
blonde woman taking care of chicks on farm
the chicks strikes the peak to ground for searching food to eat.
the man is standing outside near the large structure.
a man is outside talking about how large the statues are on his roadside tour.
a man wearing black t-shirt and cap talking about big statue.
a man with glasses on is showing big statues and runs up and stands next to one.
join ken fox on a roadside adventure to see giant statues and more in the san francisco bay area.
a man in a black shirt stand in front of giant statues then runs towards them.
a man outside in the sun encourages others who are into roadside attractions to come see these giant statues.
some one is showing road side status they are very big.
a man explaining how people can see roadside attractions standing behind a big statue.
a man speaks into his camera then runs back into the shot with a large statue.
there are many peoples, one person in blue costume with a mask walking between people.
captain america walking in the middle of a crowd
captain america faces loki for the first time in the first avengers movie.
captain america walks through a crowd of people and talks about the last time he was in german.
a man in super man costume is telling about his story to the audience
several people are down while captain america speaks and walks among them
captain america is talking in front of a crowd of cowering people.
captain america walking among the people seated to see the superhero parading in his uniform
a man with a shield taking to a group of people squatting.
a soldier walks with his helmet as others around watch him
archaeologists analyzing the interior of a pyramid with a virtual model
many people are looking at something inside a room
the person is explaining is overview terrain of china
they research the flight moving internationaly
a report on cosmic ray emerging out of sub atomic particle.
a man with an intelligent voice is describing the behavior of individuals.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a persons explain about the pyramid and some scientific reasons
a man is talking about the findings inside a pyramid while a diagram is showing on the screen inside the pyramid.
with technology men observe the structure of the interior of a pyramid
little girl does horse riding training with protective helmet
there is a girl riding a horse and a females voice in the background
a small cute girl riding a horse on a sunny day
the little girl riding the little horse with a happy face
two childrens riding on horse
a girl is riding a horse in the ground
a girl wearing a helmet is riding a horse
a young girl with yellow hair ride a horse
a group of little kids going horseback riding.
a small girl in blue t-shirt with blond hair wearing helmet is riding a blue horse in the ground nearby her house
a screen recording of a game is appearing and some one is breaking wall in the video
someone is playing the minecraft with axes in a room.
a man explaining how to play minecraft game.
a person is talking and live streaming a gameplay.
in this video we can see a minecraft gameplay
a minecraft caracter diging with a blue pickaxe
a minecraft character walks around in a room, then proceeds to demolish walls.
a person damaging the wall with a hammer in a game.
a game with breaking down walls
someone explains about the video game of pixels and bricks
a beautiful butterfly is fluttering its wings on a plant.
a beautiful yellow butterfly ready to fly
a yellow butterfly with black polka dots and green leaves.
calming music plays while an orange and black butterfly flutters on a green leaf.
a butterfly is sucking honey from the plant.
slow soft music plays as  over an orange butterfly perched on a leaf
an orange butterfly is perched upon a pretty green leaves on a bush or a plant.
a butterfly is standing on a plant and doing nothing.
a video showing wings movement of a butterfly.
yellow butterfly are moving their wings up and down slowly
a cobweb with a spider moving from the middle to the side
an image of a variety of spiders, followed by footage of a spider web and a spider building a spiderweb.
there is an information about spiders and their life history
the man explains about the spider net and how the spider catches and eats the insects from its net.
a spider crawls along a wide web on a tree.
descrizione di una ragno che tesse la sua tela
a spider spins a circular cobweb and eats an insect that falls into the web.
a spider moving around a web with narration.
spiders making incredible webs
a docmentary showing characteristics of the spider's webs and their diet.
lots processed potatoes on the right and raw on the right with some descriptive texts on the video.
a shot of several potatoes and a table.
yukon gold potatoes are being used in a recipe because they have fluffier interior.
several potatoes on a table being presented by a person who takes one of them.
yukon gold potatoes are in between and starchy and waxy potato.
a female is taking a potato and talking about its nutrion value.
a woman explains about the benefits of potatoes
an image of yukon gold potatoes is overlaid with information about them. a hand reaches in and picks one of them up.
a potato with higher moisture will give a better yield.
a ton of gold yukon potatoes are sitting there while someone talks about potatoes and then a cutting board with a peeler is shown.
an old man with gun in his hand and background music.
an old man and a young man looking each other there is also a background music
an old man has a gun and turns to a man
an old man turns back  to a man and see towards him.
a old guy turns back with a gun in his hand and sees a guy standing in-front of him.
a scene of 2 people between 1 elderly and another youth amid suspense in a room.
a man slowly turning around with a gun.
a person in a hand with firegun and turn to seeing the some other person
music is playing with brass horns while an older man turns around with a gun in his hands.
an old man wearing the white coat having a gun in his hand and angrily turns his face and target the gun towards the man in front of him.
a man singing with a band playing behind him
a clean shaved well dressed young man is performing a rocking music with other musicians.
a coat suited man singing a song with background musical team very entertainingly on the stage.
justin timberlake in a dark suit sings a song into a microphone.
justin timberlake sings on stage with a band and dressed in a suit.
justin timberlake is singing a song on stage.
a live music event where a man sings passionately in english
a man singing on the stage music and dancing
a caucasian male with short black hair in a suit singing at a stage with the band behind him
a person with a mike sing a song on the stage and other persons playing instruments.
we have a person who starts filming dolphins in the sea
group of dolphins are moving in around the sea with great speed.
the camera moves into the water and there are a pod of fishes swimming together.
a man shooting underwater while some large fishes swims around.
camera moves from out of ocean to inside ocean and takes videos of small sharks moving in crowd
many small sharks are sailing under the sea and a man is sailing on the ship.
a diver under water   catches a video of dolphin around the philippine sea
there is a blue sea and there are many fish in the sea
deep sea diving with several dolphins playing in the water.
as the boat rider sets at the end of the boat he imagines what it would be like to look under the water and see the beauty of the ocean.
a black woman in jewelry singing into a microphone.
a woman is singing song in mike and moving her hands to the music
a beautiful lady is singing and performing on a stage.
a very beautiful black woman sings into the microphone that soon after is accompanied by a man forming a duet
a lady with curly hair is singing a song.
a black woman with long hair is singing
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a women and man singing a song through mic in a public room.
she is singing a song for a clip.
a woman singing a duet with a man.
during a violent battle some soldiers fight others bring injured comrades to safety
a war with several people running with their weapons and a man being carried
a solider carries another solider to safety and then starts shooting his gun.
war is going on...all men rae shooting one another
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
there is a video song about soldiers fighting with terrorists
war-themed music video with action scenes and rock music.
the army officials on the battlefield saving themselves and battling with enemies.
there is a war and people are fighting they have guns
men are seen in combat while one carries another on his shoulders.
a man with gloves given demo about motor parts.
a person with dirty fingers point out characteristics on a tool.
a person is explain  something with the engine
a man explains about a component of an engine
the machine parts are being described by someone whose hand is only seen.
an expert explains about two valves in a machine by wearing glouse in his hands.
a auto mechanical explains about valves in the car engine point to the fast idle valve.
a man showing a mechanism of some type of engine.
a man is explaining the tricky valve, which is located on newer honda motors. a honda motor is used for the demonstration.
a person telling the car parts in the video
scene from a movie in which a woman with hair up is leading
a star trek woman sends a communication to her team inside a spaceship
a lady in dark brown jacket with short hair speaking loud and a monitor running in the background.
a lady negotiates with someone with some specific tactical information.
a woman is talking and looking with anger
this is a clip from hollywood movie.
scene from a movie where a woman is talking to someone who does not appear in the passage
a woman wearing a black dress is speaking
a woman talking and looking the to the distance in a close.
a girl talk to something in front of a person
a little kid with white hat and bow tie is playing drums loudly.
cartoon movie include in drums
in an animated kids video an animal is playing the drums
a cartoon character is playing drum with drum sticks
a cartoon bird playing the musical instruments
the cartoon character is playing drums on the stage.
two toys cartoon game the drums sound settings
sesame street drummer character animal playing his drums waking ganzo.
a pink character is playing the drums.
in this video we can see a cartoon playing drums
the longest car which is having 26 wheels and car color was in white.
a man is doing a voice-over, while an image of a long, limousine vehicle, which is parked in the road appears.
an exceedingly long white car drives down the road.
the narrator describes the 26-wheeled car shown in the video.
a big fancy car travelling the road side in the city
a long spectacular vehicle with white color and many wheels moving on the road.
a panning shot of a 100-foot long white limo.
a long white luxurious car of 26 wheels is introduced by someone.
a long, scanning view of a fancy, white limousine that is extraordinarily long.
a man in the background explaining about the lengthy white car shown in the screen with 26 wheels.
the woman is wrapping a cloth around her neck and is seen in the rain
a news reporter is setting up for a report while holding a white umbrella
a woman holding onto a white umbrella sets it down to put on a red scarf.
the woman wearing a black coat struggles to hold a white umbrella and a red scarf.
a woman adjusts her scarf and coat while holding an umbrella and talking to a man.
a lady is standing on a sidewalk in the rain holding an umbrella and she looks like she is about to give some change to homeless person standing by her.
there is a woman with a large white umbrella and then she takes out a scarf and puts it on.
the people are standing around with the woman under the umbrella.
a camera shows a male and female talking on a sidewalk, while other pedestrians are walking by behind them. there is no sound in this video.
there is a woman and a man in the street the woman is holding an umbrella.
a camera pans over strips of juicy cooked meat.
bacon being cooked with a commentator commentating.
delicious looking ham is cut up with a nice glaze
a man talking about a certain sliced bacon
greasy slices of bacon are shown, while a man speaks about how he is going to make some.
multiple slices of thick cut bacon along with music and an announcer encouraging people to make it themselves at home
sliced pieces of cooked meat are shown laying on a grill.
a man's voice entices viewers to cook some bacon during a close up shot of thin sliced uncooked bacon arranged neatly in rows.
slices of bacon are shown with music in the background
sliced delicious bacon close up shot looks delicious
the man is putting something into the bowl and preparing to cook
a person tries to copy the pancake mix made by duane the rock johnson.
a person pours ingredients into a clear bowl and mixes it.
a male voice discusses a dwayne johnson pancake recipe he got from instagram as a person add ingredients and stirs items in a  bowl.
a man begins making pancakes based on a recipe from the rock
a man is mixing flour and eggs to make pancakes.
its a video about making cake
some guy is talking about how to make pancake.
he is showing us how to make pancakes with pancake mix.
a man is cooking pancakes that come from the rock's recipe.
strange and blond man with black painted lip talks.
a man saying a dialog in a film and a criticism of the scene is being played.
a man with white hair talking to someone
a different kind of hair style man moving acting nicely.
a guy with white hair talking to someone.
a person seems to be performing in a stage
white haired man angry with her friend in nature
it is a movie seen with a guy in it.
two persons are speaking this video
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a yellow digger , a white car and a grey tank in the black background.
a set of pixel art vehicles are moving in for whatever action coming their way.
trucks are moving on the background of black screen
video car game and play for one by one cars.
a car and truck moving in the road
a cartoon game and a car stopping behind an excavator and later moving from right to left.
animation of different tracked vehicles
two monster wheeled vehicles are following a jcb.
the animated vehicles are moving one by one with music playing in the background.
a bulldozer is moving in the front and two cars are following it.
a person give the instruction about how to play the guitar instrument
a person wearing blue jeans, checked full sleeve shirt and a khaki cap is holding a guitar on his thighs and describes his fans about guitar
a man dressed in blue, red and black sitting on a chair holds a blue guitar
the person with guitar is sitting and talking something.
a man in a stripe shirt holding a guitar while talking
a person sitting with a guitar in his lap talks about it.
a guy in cap holding guitar talks to his audience.
man with cap and light blue guitar talking to the camera.
a musician is explaining something holding a guitar
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
two animation characters are talking to one another
in an animation two characters compete for the piece of something in a forest.
the animated alphabets are moving towards each other and pulling something in hand.
two abstract cartoon characters are fighting for a shard of unknown origin.
red and white bulbs fighting over something
two cartoon characters are fighting over a piece of the board behind them which seems edible.
m and n puzzle comes and go with
m and n are playing each other
an animated picture where the letter n is dragging the letter m
cartoon with two characters-letters, on the stage and eating something
the octopus was moving very quickly on the ocean floor.
an octopus  chasing and attaching itself to a camerman.
man under the sea with pink duck standing under attack by an octopus.
an octubus catchs the leg of a diver and after run away
underwater video with a big octopus and some divers
an octopus is catching the leg of a person under the deep sea.
an octopus swims towards a cameraman
underwater swimmers shooting octopus and other marine lives.
a group of divers playing with an octopus beneath the sea
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the singer is singing a song.
a man in white films with women in the background.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a male singer performs a track surrounded by attractive ladies who are strewn across the vicinity in various positions while he struts his stuff.
two music artists singing their song on their music video surrounded by posing models.
there's a man in a white shirt and pants that is singing with some women around him.
a music video of a male singer dressed in white with females in white swimsuits.
a man in white dress is singing surrounded by ladies
a man in a white outfit is sining among a group of women.
an artist in white coat is singing in a beach
there is a picture of an ocean that is really nice
a commercial for ocean skin shows the product followed by a woman running down a pier.
a girl is standing at the front of a boat as it comes in, the ocean is seen being very blue but the sky is hazy.
the video begins with a shot of a product called ocean skin. the scene changes to an attractive young lady on a tub boat and then somone running down a pier.
a woman wearing a red shirt talks to a man steering the black ,red and turquoise colored boat.
advertisement for ocean skin.  after showing product it shows young girl in red shirt on a boat
a commercial for ocean skin with a woman on a boat speaking another language.
an ad advertising a skin product called ocean skin showing a lady on a big ship in the ocean.
a skin care product hovers above the ocean and a woman stands on a boat.
the bottle of ocean skin is shown in the advertisement.
one of the main female stars on star trek deep space nine trying to convince someone to make a decision that can save lives.
a blonde lady offering species a safe passage to their home
there is a women talking something anyone with angry expressions.
a white woman with white hair is speaking.
but today are you can walk always
a white short hair woman talks about her willingness
a women speaking with some off person and she is hair is white colour
a woman with white hair is speaking in a dramatic manner.
an old woman is talking and there is a music in the background
a lady with white hair speaks looking closely at someone.
an executive of a company wearing a blue suit is talking about selling.
a person tell another one that how to communicate
a man is talking about how to close a sale.
an oriental man in his office dressed in a blue suit and an orange scarf in his pocket
in an interview, the man talks about how to sell and close the deal
a man in black suit is explaining something
man in a suit sitting at his desk talking about selling strategies and tips.
the blue court suit person speaks with great gesture
a man with blue coat is giving an interview about communication.
man talking sitting on an armchair
video with a man who is using a machine
one person is cleaning the machine and working on
making a part on a machine.
docking the object in equipment that rotates to shape with objects
a person work to the machine and insert the another machine
a person is working on something in his workshop
it is a man manipulating a lathe. he is adjusting to fit a short blue tube.
a man is fitting the machine and screw it
a man is rapidly working with power tools on an object that is blue. the power tools are grey and the man is white.
a man is doing some work with his rotating machien
three animated cats standing and watching another elder cat in a garden.
cartoon showing the image of dancing colorful cats.
there are three cartoon cats, each one of a color
a cartoon of three cats singing to their mother that they have washed their mittens
three cartoon cats are singing a song about washing their paws
three animated cats waving and laughing with a song being played in the background.
two yellow and one gray cartoon kitten are singing to the mother that they have washed their mitten.
3 animated kittens singing joyfully for mother about helping her by washing mittens
three feline characters in a forest waving while a song is sung.
a brown, grey and yellow puppies animated singing.
diy of a blue and red colored shuriken made of paper
a person is showing you how to finish an origami star.
a person is just adjusting his colorful craft work
making an origami ninja star
someone creating something amazing spinner with paper
two hands are holding and manipulating an organge and blue craft.
a hand folds a sheet of paper into a red and blue shuriken star
a person finishes teaching a tutorial on how to make an origami
a person is doing oragamy with red and blue paper and the person has created a ninja star with the paper.
making an art shape objects using paper craft.
there is a slug race, where the closest slug is coming out in front of the others.
a row of snails racing across a white board.
shows an action reply of snail racing a track
snails race one another to the sounds of inspiring music.
some snails in one place move slowly.
on a homemade race track, seven snails race toward the opposite end.
lot of snell are seems doing racing.
many snails betting a race, in a very different place, a mini track for snails
a snail race with various types of slugs in a starting line.
several snails are racing slowly on a track.
a man in orange and black uses a phone and stylist.
a man with black and red color t-shirt explaining about a board.
a person is explaining about the gadget
person with british accent describing a home improvement project.
there is a person who is in an orange and black shirt who is looking at a piece of wood.
a man in an orange black t-shirt is telling something and doing some activities with his hands
a man is holding a pen in his hand and explains something regarding a mobile phone.
male explaining how to cut a board to get desired width
a man in a t-shirt, standing by the window, conducts a master class
a man with a pencil in his hand and a measuring tape on a wooden slash.
a man is giving a monologue on a pink and blue scenario.
a person in white shirt is sharing his customider-side experiences about work-efficiency in banks.
a person is walking back and forth doing stand up comedey.
a negro wore a white shirt and is talking something  on the stage by holding a mice
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
a man wearing a white shirt is delivering a speech on a stage.
a comedian in white clothing is performing a show using a microphone.
a man performing on tv in a reality show.
man with white blouse giving a lecture
a comedian entertaining an audience on a tv  show.
the group of ladies are burning something and talking.
a group of girls making fun of something.
one girl fired some cloth and throwing it to dustbin and another 2 are seeing that. one more is coming out from room and saying something about that.
some girls with colored clothes burn a red dress
there are three girls and htey are buring clothes with fire.
there are four womens try to hide a toy
3 stupid girls are burning up a girl clothes and throwing those burned clothes in dustbin and 4th girl when come she is getting shocked because of their stupid behaviors
a group of girls are burning some clothes on the stage for fun.
a drama video with four girls talking to each other
three women burning the clothes of a fourth woman who arrives later.
cosmetics are placed on the table before a big mirror and a woman stands there.
a women is showing some cosmetic products and also a mark on the dressing table.
woman showing off a delivery of make-up accessories which have just arrived
a lady showing her bed room mirrors, and messing around with her camera, showing us stains on the table.
a girl is explaining about cosmetic products and her dressing table
a lady explaining her make up collection.
a woman is talking about a dressing table and some beauty items
a girl is talking about makeup and videoing it.
a woman shows off her makeup products on her table
a girl is filming her dressing table to show off her beauty products and apologizes for the stain on top of the wood.
a guy is singing to an angel.
a man sings in front of a mirror and the angel touches the mirror
a man is singing and a white angel is behind him
a person sing the song infront of mirror then seeing his dream girl
love songs played with music.
scenes from a clip where the singer meets an angel in his room
man in front of the mirror is touched by an angel who makes him look back
music video containing lyrics and visuals of an angel. visuals include an angel flowing down to the singer and then retreating away.
a person seems to be tuching on the mirror while singing
a singing person with long hair reaches toward a mirror while a semi-visible angle reaches out to touch his shoulder and then ascends. he turns toward the camera and reaches in the direction of the angel.
a plane flying over the water with a view of a sunset.
small scene from a movie showing an airplane in the sky
an end note in a film with the text 'a film by tilman wolf and ranga yogeshwar' with back ground as ocean
an airplane is flying overhead at the beginning of a movie
an ocean with a sunrise behind it is seen outside a moving aeroplane.
a view of the sky from the plane window can be seen
a wing of a plane and a beautiful reddish-orange colored sunset with the deep blue clouds below and some text in the foreground.
a plane is a flyinf above cloud during sun set, only the wing and one of the engine is visible. the sun set is yellow and pink
a sunrise scene filmed from air plane as you can see the wing of the plane.
the letters of a film by name or producer
a animated boy is making his face as angry and it is a trailer of a animated show.
it shows the face of an anime character while is in a very concentrated expression. it comes from the anime called dragon ball and he is the main character who is emitting the energy wave.
big headed anime character has anger management issues.
an animated video showing funny characters and their activities
an anime style character shows very strong anger and rage.
goku angered in combat and preparing his special attack.
zoom in the face of a angry boy that gets even more angry after hearding something from his opponent.
an animated face with thick eyebrows grits his teeth and grimaces as light shines from his eyes.
dragon ball's goku is throwing kamekameha against an enemy
a angry guy trying to beat someone
a black people with green top is lying on the floor.
a man in the ground and crying and scrooling
a boy wearing green t shirt fallen on ground is moving
a 20 year old boy is lying on the floor , he is said to be sick.
a young black man is scrolling in soil with pain seems to be sick
a 20-year old man is sick and lying on the ground.
a black man is rolling around on the ground outside and the narrator is telling us that the man is 20 years old and is sick..
a man lying on the ground that is sick.
a black man with a white and green tshirt is rolling in pain on the ground
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man wearing a black cowboy hat speaks into a microphone in front of an audience in phoenix.
onlookers cheering and clapping for a bearded man with a hat
some one is watching a video of a guy talking.
a group of people liked the speech of man dressed in black on stage
as a crowd cheers, a man speaks through a microphone.
a caped man speaking on the stage
guy wearing cap talking on mic while people applausing.
a person singing in stage he wearing cap and have long hair and mustard. also many peoples watching his performance
a man with a mustache and a hat, with a micro phone in his hand, and an audience screaming
a person is doing stand up comedy in front of the many peoples
a bicycle race segment is shown, analyzed by a racer in real-time.
a man comments on cyclists racing down a street on a sunny day.
a person is streaming a cycle race and talking about it.
a group of cyclist are cycling in the main road
many persons riding cycle on road. and one is watching in side of the corner
there is group od cycling peoples in the road
there are many men riding bikes on a highway. there is another man making commentary in a separate video. the commentator believes the cyclists are acting dangerously.
filming of a large group of cyclists on a sunny day
there is a cyclings race and in the  inset there  is a man talking about this
a man with other men having a cycling race and they are talking about how dangerous is this.
one person is hurting crow and by seeing that one dog is barking
a big dog is barking in a jungle to save his kid who has been caught in a hunter's net
dog start to barging after seeing some animal on the trap
life of animals in the forest. a fight going between animals.
a dog barking at a bird caught in a net, with a man yelling, ive got you and a woman with horns standing in a tall grass field quietly watching.
a dog is barking very angrily and then a evil witch appear
there is a dog barking in the forest and a women standing
a dog barking at a bird caught by a net.
an animal is stuck in a net as several dogs bark.
dogs barking when they see malevola
a man shows a magic cube practically all resolved except for two pieces out of place.
there is a man explaining how to resolve a rubik cube
a person talking about rubix cube
a man is talking about the color of a puzzle box
a person who is arranging the cubes
a guy talking about two pieces of a toy called a magic cube.
a man is playing with a rubik`s cube, that is already completed
a hand of a man solving a four by four cube with a black cloth underneath with some white colored text on it.
showing how to slove 4 by 4 cube using permutations
a person is demonstrating how to solve a rubiks cube and particular situations.
a band plays music with guitar.
a country bluegrass band plays a live show recorded for tv as if on ausstin city limits.
there are a bunch of men who are all playing guitars.
a team of person playing the guitar in the stadium
some musicians are playing guitar on the stage
a music band is performing with music instruments.
a band group is playing a music on the stage
three guys are playing guitar and shaking their bodies.
a group of people are playing instruments in a very good mood.
a fantastic orchestra is going on with four guitarists.
someone is cutting the chips container
something is being constructed out of a green pringles can, loud music can be heard.
a can of pringles is marked and transformed as music plays.
a person cuts the bottom of a can and then stands it up on the table.
a man marks and cuts a green chip can.
after placing the pringles can on the table, she preceded to trace a circle, cut, and then peel off the entire label.
a how-to crafting video of a hole being cut out of a pringles can.
part of the bottom of a green pringles can is drawn on with a marker and cut out.
a person is cutting narrow green can at the top.
someone using a pringles can and writing and cutting it .
people reacting to scenes from a movie or tv show.
girls watching videos of two men talking and laughing.
two ladies are watching a video and laughing while discussing about it.
some girl watching clip from the movie and discussing about it
the females sitting and watching a video and laughing and talking about it.
two women are watching videos and laughing
two women are watching a video of two men, looking funny and they laugh.
women reacting to men's comedy videos
the different reactions to the comedy, with two young and friendly girls
two different woman are wearing headphones while watching a clip on laptop then reacts
a man shoots to a point using a gun and the aiming object is a skeleton drawing.
man in red shirt fires a revolver in a shooting range, followed by a review of said revolver shot.
a man wearing a camouflage hat and a red shirt shooting a gun.
a guy wearing a cap and headphone fires with a gun.
a man in a red shirt, camoflague hat, and earmuffs holds in gun in two gloved hands before firing a shot.
man in military baseball cap shoots a gun, and evaluates his experience.
a person shooting in fire guns in outside
the man is tries out the pistol by shooting it.
a man wearing a hat firing a pistol.
a man is shooting a gun reviews the thump of the gun, then they show an uncle sam skeleton with a american top hat and wings with bullet holes in it.
men admiring two white females with bikinis on and lights shining on them.
two blonde girls in the same swimsuits at some show
some ladies are standing in a stage in bikinis
men are watching and cheering women, who are on a stage wearing bikinis.
there are two women. one is in a yellow bikini, they are both very tan. there are white and black balloons on the ceiling.
women wearing two piece in the middle of men in a bar
three women in bikini clothes on a stage and surrounded by people who are cheering them on.
bikini contest inside a bar with the audience determining who should win by cheering.
several women in bikinis standing in front of a crowd.
a group of people in an audience screaming at two women in bikinis to dance.
a man wearing purple and blue dances in front of a crowd of blue skinned people.
there is a man who is decked out in purple hanging out in the parade and enjoying himself
a man sings while in front of a large group of dancing blue people dressed as natives.
people with blue paint on their bodies dance and reveal a lead singer who dances in the center with them.
a man is singing in a music video with a group of people doing a cultural dance behind him.
the people are all standing around outside during the parade.
a man leading a large group of dancers in a party
there is an indian guy singing and lot of other people dancing.
indian men singing and dancing in their costumes
a group of people in blue body paint are dancing and then there's a half naked man who starts singing.
a man talks over an animated image of a prototype ship which has portions above and below the water level in a rather unusual design.
an explaination of a feature that is to be used in water
they are talking about a futurist ship that rise above the water
a new type of vertical sail ship where half the ship is above the water and half the ship is below the water.
at the bottom of the sea there is equipment that emerges up to the surface
embedded within the ocean's green water ripples stands a vertical, 170 ft. futuristic ship.
man giving the specification of vertical ship floating in water
the 3d concept of a vertical ship is revealed.
in the sea, a submarine standing and zoom the camera in under the sea on submarine.
an odd looking ship is partly submerged in water.
a chef in a restaurant slices bread pieces and tastes it then wiping hands with a white cloth
a video of a guy in a kitchen. he is taste testing bread and he looks like he is enjoying it.
a man stands in a kitchen area with slices of a sub sandwich on a surface, and he bites the piece that he's holding.
preparing and trying the afternoon snack
a blonde bearded man wearing a blue shirt and a beige apron is tasting some food.
one person in blue dress taking something and eating
a chef was eating something and its very tasty
chef is eating a pastry in the kitchen
a man in an apron tastes the food he is prepping.
a chef in a kitchen eating a sandwich.
man who is preparing a cake with tray and ladle
a man making a cake by mixing powder
in a kitchen, a person is mixing ingredients by hand in a bowl.
a man mixing the choclate in the kitchen
a guy in a blue shirt and apron is whisking some cake.
the person is talking about mixing cake batter.
in the kitchen a guy mixing some items in the bowl for cake.
a person is mixing content to make a dish in the kitchen
chef using a whisk to prepare a floppy, fudgy cupcake mix.
in kitchen, a person in blue shirt is making cup cake batter.
two girls crying and hugging each other with mics
a lady talks and explains share her smile around.
a women is wiping off the girls tears and then hugging her
a blonde woman in a white and red striped shirt hugs another blonde girl in a black sweatshirt
a woman gives hug to comfort another girl and they both felt happy.
performed on the stage hug the another girl
a women hug an another women on the stage
two women are hugging each other happily.
tv presenter interviewing a girl who is crying
blond woman in striped dress hugs young ginger girl.
a family of one father and mother, three daughters and one son posing to the photo by a nice smile on all faces.
the singer is singing a song.
a happy family of six embracing each other and smiling
a man and a woman and several children are at a table, they look like family.
a family posing together happily in a kitchen looking too perfect.
a family at the dinner table posing and having fun.
there is a family of a father, a mother, and a bunch of girls.
a video of a family, 4 children and 2 parents are posing in front of a camera. there is pop music playing in the background.
a family gathering and smiling a television set.
at the dining room table, the family takes a beautiful picture.
a news reader is reading news on news channel.
in a tv news,  news reader read a breaking news
i am watching the news daily
new hope in the fight against covid 19, with the whole world and its researchers and scientists in the heads of research, we hope that as soon as possible we will get out of this
a men in black colour dress telling breaking news about covid19
news report by old man in glasses about hospital
some guy talking about the there is new hope for  covid 19 pandemic situation
a man in a suit talks about the pictures on the right of him. the pictures have the words ' breaking news new hope' written across them. the pictures are of woman working in a laboratory.
an old man is reading news and the photo of research staff in lab was displayed.
a man wearing black suit is reading news about health
a very docile animal that you can raise without fear because it is not addictive
a man is talking about a squirrel that lives in a house.
a person talking about his pet animal in front of camera
a guy telling about his pet squirrel
a squirrel tries to climb up a man's arm indoors.
a man standing besides the kitchen island tells about the mouse who is moving over his arms.
two boys are talking about a squirrel  they have.
a man is speaking and holding a cat in his hands
a squirrel climbs by the arm and leg of a man inside a house
a man is in the kitchen with a pet squirrel
a guy with orange hair, yellow top and black pants is laughing out loud.
the cartoon characters got scared by a weird noise made by another character.
it is an animated video showing two mickey mouse and two persons
three persons are afraid of this yellow shirt person as he threatens with some words.
mcgee, gretchen and squirt being scared by jordan buttsquat from the cartoon series camp lakebottom.
three children who are frightened by disturbing noises and then discover that it is their friend who has made fun of them.
the three children got scary with evil laugh after that came along another child speaking it was a joking
four members are laughing in cartoon
a cartoon video where a boy with yellow t-shirt tries to scare the other boys
four different characters from the cartoon - three boys and one girl in some mysterious place
someone mixes butter, sugar and brown sugar in a bowl
preparing a syrup in a bowl with eggs, butter and brown sugar.
eggs batter and other ingredients are placed into a box and mixed together.
make a recipe by mixing butter, brown sugar
someone adding eggs, floor, and something else into a glass bowl and mixing it.
in the video someone is making a cake recipe
a mixture of ingredients to make some food.
a person is mixing/whipping three ingredients in a glass bowl
a hand whisk a mixture of butter, sugar and brown sugar in a bowl.
in video a person mixing egg,sugar and chocolate powder and mixing it
there is a black dog and a fox watching and talking through a steel net
dog and fox searching something in the small holes of the room door
a fox and a dog both attempt to make a hole in a fence, using their mouths.
an animation scene and two dogs are making conversation
cartoon of a dog and a fox trying to get into that place.
a red fox and a black dog is talking through doors to the other dog inside.
two dog infront of the house,  and it was fence for mouth
the two cartoon dog characters are talking while sniffing.
two dogs crunches web see another dog
a fox and a dog trying to remove the net
an old man is talking about the outcome of the judges of the show
presenter talking to some women around
a man announces the judgement time came in a live show and some people are looking sad.
man speaking on stage at contestant show
a man is talking on a stage next to a woman in red with contestants behind them.
a dance performance  was done and the hosts start asking the judges to  give up their decision
a presenter who will give the oticia about something very important
a presenter announce the winner i some tv show.
two presenter presenting a dance performance.
a person conduct a stage show and some girls are here and there
underground homes where thers is no grass and no vehicles
a voice over describes a prison with many white bars
few room ventilators and floor can be seen with a voice that there are no trees and no grass in this underground.
a view of the interiors of an underground building is visible through the grills as the camera pans across the room.
interior of an installation with high infrastructure, where there are no glass windows
floors of a building showing several metal gates and railings.
man describing life in prison over shots of a prison interior.
prison cells being shown up close to show the security offered.
an underground prison where there are no trees or grass.
images of a underground building, it does not say what it is but it looks like a jail
a tutorial about a manÂ´s haircut hosted by a female hairdresser
the scissors cutting in hair.
a women is trimming the hair  of men
a woman wearing white t shirt describing a man's hair type and cutting places
a person came to saloon to cut his hair. a hair dresser checking his hair to cut
a lady explains where to cut the excess hair in a mans head with lot of technics
a lady demonstrating how to cut hair on a man
a woman holding scissors and a hair comb, touching a man's hair
a female hair trimmer is starting to trim a male's hair.
a woman touching a man's hair for styling
the incidence of a large truck expands along the way
things are on fire as crews try to put them out.
firefighters trying to shut the fire accident on highway.
seen from the moving vehicle a violent scene of a city where vehicles are burning in huge fire.
images of inside a car on a highway. firefighters working.
there is a video of fire and ambulance and people on the road.
a large truck on fire in the middle of the highway as firefighters try to control the fire.
a fire from a large truck with a fire engine nearby and some firefighters trying to put out the fire.
fire is burning several trucks parked along side a road.
someone in the car watching the fire accident
a person  is catching banana cake and telling  how he prepared
a tutorial of banana pancakes and then the goodbye message from the youtuber
the end of a tutorial about how to make pancakes
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a persons hand holds a banana pancake then graphics thank you for watching this video.
the ingredients for banana pancakes are displayed. a person is holding the yet-empty pancakes in her hands.
the banana useful to bread cake on hand
a person's hand is shown while holding a pancake over a plat with pancakes and bananas.
person holding up banana pancakes and demonstrating how to make them on social media.
they are showing us the pancake.
a music video featuring a male soldier in emotional distress.
a soldier seems to have hurt as other soldiers move around
some men are wearing a military dress and holding fire guns and there is a fight war
a series of images of soldiers in diferent situations.
soldiers fighting in a war all dirty
montage of soldiers in combat dealing with stress and fatigue at the same time.
an army man with a rifle hanging in his back is walking and other army man is sittingdown.
the brave soldiers are in a war field.
an advert of the tv serie brothers in arms
there are some soliders who are crying in the dark.
a person doing explaning a knot in a cable.
a man is teaching how to tie the knot with the thread.
a copper looking piece of wire is being tied in different types of knots.
someone presenting a diy with coiled wires and a pyramidal object on the end
show the type of ties on the cord.
a man teaching how to make a double twist on a tie.
instruction on how to tie a specific kind of knot.
a guy is kind of wire in a knot
there is a person knot the rop
knot expert is about to demonstrate how to construct a particularly useful knot.
a man wearing blue gloves explains the steps he is taking to repair a car.
a person wearing blue gloves in hand and repairing car parts engine
someone is talking about how to repair a car.
hand in a blue glove shows a car device under the hood
a person wearing a blue glove, working on a car engine.
mechanic explaining about defect in a car engine
man with blue work gloves shows the interior of the engine of a vehicle.
guys is explaining how to fix a car battery and it is machine
a man with a blue glove is describing how he will remove/replace a part of the car engine.
a mechanic is showing an engine for repair.
a pretty background with text encounging others to subscribe for thier latest violin tutorial.
rose and voilin is shown in the picture
a song is playing in background with visual of a violin
pages of music lying ontop of each other with some roses and other flowers printed on the pages and a violin printed across several of the music pages. the words 'subscribe to stay up to date with the lastes violin tutorials' are written in a purple box.
in this video we can see a video about violin tutorials
video shows a violin lesson cover.
it looks like wallpaper or a picture with a violin, flowers, and sheet music on it as a design.
in the video there is only an image of a violin with a few flowers around, and a phrase to stay up to date with latest violin tutorials
a painting of a guitar and roses is in the background of the words subscribe.
this is a advertisement for some youtube video channel showing us how to subscribe it
in video a lady shouting on her servant
in this video there is a woman speaking with a man in pink jacket
there is a mother who is talking to a person in a pink suit.
a women in grey suit is scolding a butler as he has not done any preparation of shooting
woman in a maid's outfit arguing with a man wearing a bright pink suit.
the female wearing white dress is standing and talking.
a woman scolding a person with pink dress
in a hall one lady shoutting a employee and someone entering with rose bouque
a women shouting on a buttler about the shooting arrrangement.
there are 3 people in the gideo. one person is catching flowers amd going from behind and out of the other two people one female is scolding the other female
there is a machine that is taking some sort of food and sorting it out.
live baby chicks are loaded onto a st
yellow young chickens are processed carefully through an automated machine.
music plays while vegetables are being processed in a large machine.
an industrial machine sorts baby chicks from empty egg shells.
we are seeing what is going on in a food procesing plant today.
the foods are being processed in the machine.
someone is watching a video  of some kind.
a factory machine turning and moving the product.
a large steel machine processes yellow objects as music plays
two persons are playing music. one man playing music with guitar
two man playing musical instrument.
two men are playing instruments making wonderful music.
inside a room two men are playing drums and an electric guitar
two musicians are busy in practising with musical instruments
one person guitar music intrument and another man is music band instrument playing
two male musicians, one is playing the guitar and the other is playing a percussion instrument.
a guitarist and drummer are practicing in a studio.
a guy playing guitar with another one who is playing the drums
a man tries a piece on the electric guitar
on the microscope view a worm is moving in between the ugly stuff
a mosquito larvae in magnification swimming in dirty water.
image of a creature seen through a microscope.
a microscopic worm is wiggling back and forth on a slide.
a light illuminates the movement of a little worm
showing the insects eating the food through microscope
in the petri dish is a little insect moving around undera blue light.
microscopic organisms move under a microscope to electronic music.
there is a petri dish of ants and such
a video showing some sort of microscopic movement.
a person is drawing a picture of a flower in a plain book
a lady showing how to draw a flower on a paper.
a woman demonstrates how to draw a sunflower, camera is zoomed in her hand and the paper.
a women drawing a flower with pencil in the paper.
white woman drawing a flower on a white sheet of notebook
some one busy in drawing a beautiful flower
a woman is instructing on how to draw a flower.
a girl is painting a flower on the white paper by a pencil
a lady with her hand visible on a notepad drawing a flower and explaining how to do it.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
performer prepares to entertain his audience amidst illuminati symbology.
a man dancing in a crowd using a paper fan as part of his act
a black man has a fan in his hand and is surrounded by other people dressed in black with a fan
a person with a black shirt is performing on a stage.
many people are dancing in bub and joyfully
the man in black shirt stood there and using the fan
several people swing a fan and a man in a black shirt is in the center.
an african man is using a handheld fan standing in front of a neon triangle
a black guy is singing and performing with the fans on his hand and also others with fans too.
music clip with laughing man in black outfit fanning fan with women on the floor fanning fan
a band plays in a grassy area that features a ghostly lady and a lady running with a knife.
there's a woman standing in the window and another woman holding a knife looking scary.
a music video showing a white house's second floor window followed by a drummer and then a panicked woman holding a long knife.
a guy in a black shirt plays drums in the grass, while a girl stands in the window watching him and another girl run through the yard.
a man is playing the drums in tall grass as a girl is a torn dress runs out of her house holding a knife.
a woman stares out a window as a man plays drums with two other woman have knives.
a drummer is singing in the grass while a lady looks like shes straight out of a horror film.
a man plays drums in a field as another man sings that's the price you pay and a woman wearing a dress and holding a knife walks through some trees
a music video is shown, with a man singing in the woods, while a woman holds a knife and looks frightened.
a woman is standing inside a house at the window, a man plays drums, and another woman holds a knife, while a song plays in the background.
a woman standing and playing the violin next to a man sitting and playing a grand piano.
woman dressed in black plays the violin accompanied by another person playing a black piano
a girl wearing a shirt and skirt playing the violin next to a pianist playing the piano..
a black dressing women playing violin
one girl play a music and use for violin like me.
girl playing amazing music with her musical instrument
a lady playing violin in the middle of a hall
a woman playing the violin and showing her performance.
a woman with a black shirt who is playing a violen
a girl plays the violin in a room where someone plays the piano.
several rubber ducks lined up with a king duck in front
a legion of rubber duckies in an ampty bath, displaying themselvs before a king ducky.
several rubber duckies lined up saluting a larger rubber duckling with a king crown
this video shows collection of duckling toys
a sequence of yellow ducks with orange bills neatly arranged in rows and laying on a white ground.
playing with rubber duck.
a lot of yellow plastic ducks are filmed lined up.
we have many bath ducks watching their king in front of them
many ducks in formation with a master duck. this is a presentation of an speaker.
a lot of plastic ducks are standing in rows in front of their queen duck
a blue fuzzy monster with pointy ears teases another purple fuzzy monster and eats his sushi.
a two anmated cartoon are fighting for fooddish with eachother while other disches moving on the table
tow cartoon characters can be seen near a conveyor belt where the food plates are moving , on left the place and again come and scare the other one
a cartoon scene in which eats hos friend's food when it is tossed up
a guy with purple hat is playing with a guy with blue hat.
a animated cartoon tried to eat the cake but another ate it unexpectedly
two animated characters doing funny things around
a blue and a purple computer graphic characters are interacting with each other.
there is different types of cakes are moving
two toys are talking in the serial
children's are playing in the beach with sand
2 boys and 1 girl are playing on the beach and coconut is in front of them.
three kids are enjoying sitting by sea side
one girl and two boys are sitting on a white sand beach infront of four coconuts
three children at the beach with some coconuts
children are on the beach having fun and telling stories
3 children are on the beach with fruit, a little girl in a pink shirt, a boy in a green shirt and another in a blue shirt
kids are having a good and fun time on the warm sunny beach.
three children are sitting on a beach by the ocean water.
there are three childs in different color shirts are screaming.
music competition judge gets so emotional when a singer sings her favorite song.
a women in a red chair is reacting to a certain event that is happening in front of her.
a judge is excited about the participant.
lady is a bit animated while talking to another person
a woman reacting emotionally to a person singing.
a woman is listening to a song and reacting to it.
a beautiful women with short hairs is listening to a song and is enjoying the song in very amazed way.
woman sitting in a red chair reacting to hearing a person sing in front of her.
a scene from a singing competition focused on a female judge who is becoming emotional.
lady being crazy when heard beautiful voice
a woman is designing a cupcake beautifully and adding some shimmering thing on it
vanilla cup cakes recipe showing by woman
a woman adds sprinkles to a pink vanilla cupcake.
a person cooking with cupcake and decorating the cream and chocolate pieces
the decoration of cup cake is being explained by the women
a person is talking about cup cakes.
a womans hands with her describing and demonstrating how to decorate a cupcake with pink icing and sprinkles.
a white cake cupcake with pink icing with a white background.
a woman adds sprinkles to a banana cupcake
decorating cupcake with confectionery
images of a white owl and a white wolf in a ranking
a falcon is scouting the area with elegant determination. a wolf also is shown.
someone are talking about a bird arctic hunters.
there is a owl who is flying in the air and going fast
a woman talking about arctic hunters
cut shots back and forth of an owl flying and a white wolf trotting.
a commentator tells about the arctic animals while a white toucan is seen flying in the sky.
video pictures and a girl talking about birds and animals that are hunters.
arctic nature - a white polar owl flies, a white polar wolf runs
a bird flying in a very beautiful way
a person is describing about the person shown in inset
reporter presenting a news story about an old man.
a man in a suit and glasses talking while a figure of a person is shown.
a man with white shirt and glasses talking about something
a man been explained in the news table with his picture placed in side.
a bald bespectacled man wearing a coat speaking and a picture of another man in the intel
a bald man with glasses, talking about another man with glasses.
a man in a blue blazer and white shirt is discussing roosevelt while sitting on a stool in a room.
a man in glasses and a blazer speaks while an old photograph of another man appears beside it.
a news anchor is explaining something about roosevelt
a hand with rubber gloves weighs the amount of plastic bags
these sea creatures will be tested for viruses.
a person with green gloves weighs some items in a plastic bag.
a person with gloves switching a weighing machine and then weighing something.
a person preparing to weigh a flush of freshly picked mushrooms
a person take a plastic cover to put on the nonstick stove
person wearing gloves sets up a scale and proceeds to weigh an object.
some guy is cutting the mushrooms extracting something out of it
someone with green gloves is weighing plastic bags with a precision balance.
a person is weighing the plastic cover,mushroom is near by.
a person in a chair gets up and places something on a table. there is a flash and the table and chair are destroyed.
a guy with black clothes on is standing up and destroyed his chair with magic power.
a man standing up from a chair to do a magic movement.
reproduction of a scene from a famous film where character uses his power
it is scene from thor 2 dark world movie loki was feeling unhappy over his mothers death
a man stood  up from the chair and then walking
a person gets up from an arm chair behind a golden screen.
a tall man is in a living room and soon afterwards unleashes a kind of power.
there is a house in that a man is seeted in the chair and from him a yellow light came that time the chair has broken
the man with super power stood up from the chair and chairs started flying.
pikachu and other poxemon are talking on a purple background
an animated video of a game play is playing with subtitles
drawing or electronic game showing some animals and a snowflake.
while running one of pikachu's ears was hit by the thorn in its front.
this is the one type of animation.
the pikachu pokÃ©mon performing a task.
pikacho character is staring at the snow flake animation.
a yellow creature is talking about how his chest hurts.
picachu number one cartoon character in pokeman
pikachy talks to a fellow pokemon character showing about its chest looking like a snow star.
the persons are going down the stairs and a group of people are dancing for a song.
pop music accompanies a random girl running around stairs. the scene then changes to people dancing in a club.
music video in which the singer runs along the long stairs and appears in the crowd
a blonde woman is walking down some red stairs.
woman is running down a stairway, and ends up in a party.
some girl is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a woman runs down a red staircase and then appears in a crowd at a concert
a woman singing in the music video.
there is a long spiral staircase with red carpeting a woman runs down, cut to woman singing on stage.
dua lipa is down the stairs and then she appears with a lot of people in a party
superwhy reading show green character boy opening song.
someone is watching a cartoon video of a boy.
a large eyed boy turns into a super hero.
a small animated boy changes into a green super hero standing on the blue word read.
a character transforms from his regular clothes into his super hero persona in front of a green background. then, the character, now dressed in blue and green, is atop the word read in a celebratory stance.
a cartoon character named super y dances and promotes reading.
a child changes into a green superhero costume.
a cartoon of a super hero kid with a green outfit.
an animated cartoon character in a green super hero outfit and mask is standing on top of a big blue text that says read and superhero music is playing.
the animated figure is dancing with the green backdrop.
a man explain how to use photoshop with ipad
a person is controlling photoshop on a tablet, using a touch pen as a controller device. a keyboard is connected to the tablet.
a video about a tablet computer
a person explains about the photoshop.
showing adobe photoshops and its features on ipad
a man is discussing photoshop while showing screenshots of the app on his computer.
person handling your tablet showing some program
a hand is moving a touchscreen computer and opens up an app.
he is showing us how to use software on the ipad.
a man explains the features of laptop by enlarging the small icons.
an animated story about dragons is being told in a very dramatic way.
a blue and gold animated dragon surrounded by ash.
chinese dragon on a moonlit night with winds
there is a white and red wall. they are white squares with a red border. there is a blue dragon with gold fins. he is in front volcano and a japanese style temple
fire dragon scattered everywhere and the full moon
this video show the dragon snake.  it is a carton. the moon is very nice.
a big dragon putting its head down seeing and there s avolcano at the back followed by a debris moves up crossing the moon
on a full moon night, a dragon is surrounded by volcanic eruption and burning house.
an artful, engaging documentary discussing something correlated to dragons and/or chinese heritage.
the big dragulla and beautiful moon
an exert from a book with a quote highlighted in yellow.
the newspaper read in the mark yellow color in bezos.
a bald person reading out highlighted text from a file.
a man watches a highlited news in the paper and it is very important
amazon ceo bezos speaks about a finite earth and humans must expand into space and populate other planets.
some text highlighted on a page, something that mr.bezos sayed.
a bold guy with black suit on is talking on the stage with some notes from book.
someone reading from a book highlighting a certain part
there is some text on the screen and part of it is highlighted in yellow.
explaining a text from a book.
a woman is explaining spiders, while images of spiders appear in order.
a woman in a striped dress talks about jumping spiders.
the woman wearing a black and silver striped dress discusses the vision of a jumping spider.
a lady with gray and black dressing is giving us some information about a wolf spider.
a woman in a striped dress talks about the vision of a jumping spider.
there is a woman talking about spiders on the tv.
a woman is on the screen and talking about a jumping spider.
a woman talks about multiple spiders as a screen displays them.
the woman was standing by the screen watching something.
a woman showing  and explaining different types of spiders
batman talks to himself in full costume as her boards the batmobile for a mission.
a man in a black mask and also black clothing sitting on a dark car
a clip from a batman film showing batman sitting in the batmobile.
itâ€™s batman talking in his car
a man wearing a batman's dress is saying something to his colleague.
this movie is the dark knight.  the batman some what speaking.
batman is standing in front of the batmobile i am talking with somebody
in a movie the batman is talking to somebody
batman was very serious on his planning and ready to rescue the needy out there.
it is batman in his craft starting a mission
a man who appears to be an aristocrat is in a wheelchair and this man runs over an animal of the girl.
a man on a wheelchair is talking to a man a small child
a woman in white garments moves around in her wheelchair as children look on
the woman in the wheel chair appeared to be very angry.
few family members interacting with each other in an animated video.
excerpt from the cartoon where the heroine slowly rides in her chair past the hero
animation characters gathered in a house with a woman in a wheelchair walking through the scenery.
an old man on a wheelchair pass near a man and a young girl
this is an animation of a women in a wheelchair moving away from a younger man
the animation movie in the screen. grandmother wheel chair in sitting.
musical team members sing a song with dance
a team of 4 boys and 1 girls doing a stage performance playing music, singing song and making steps moving randomly
a rock band composed of five men in black shirts singing on a stage, another man in a red shirt who was on stage leaves.
a group of  guitar artist enjoying the music program on a grand stand
rock band with members dressed in black play for an audience with a big screen in the background.
video clip of a rock band in one of their performances
rock the people consert is going on .
a heavy metal rock band playing a song.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a musical group all dressed in black clothing staged in a performance.
a father and son talking to each other in a tv serial.
a boy is getting down from stairs took up his book and speaking to his dad
a young boy wearing red and black stripped shirt coming down the stairs.
a boy comes down the stairs of a house, picks up something on a table and then goes to talk to an adult.
a child is talking with his father in a tv show
a son asks his father and he replies snarkily.
a boy walks downstairs and asks his dad why he is home.
a boy runs down the stairs and asks father a question
a boy come to down stairs and taking the book in dining table and speak with black dress person
two characters in a 1970's sitcom, a child comes down the stairs and ask a question of his dad.
a female is talking about a artist who created a comeback single.
a woman wearing a green camo shirt speaks into the camera.
a woman in a camo shirt discusses music.
a woman is talking about someone in a video
a woman explaining why an musical artist chose her single.
a woman is talking to the camera a lot and making fast movements and gestures
a women is talking about someone and their son.
the woman in the camo shirt is talking in the room.
a woman wearing a camouflage shirt explains the story of how a song was written.
the video does not want to load properly
an egg is placed into a cup of maple syrup for a day. the results are also displayed.
an egg is sooked in the maple syrup in a galss
a hand places an egg in a cup, covers it with maple syrup, then removes it after one day.
a person is adding an egg to a glass filled with maple syrup.
a man insert inside glass something and after 5 minutes extract this thing
someone put a object like egg into the maple syrup after the one day color change into brown
a hand holding and egg, places it in a tumbler, presents a brown glass beer bottle, pours beer to cover the egg, after time elapses the hand pulls the egg from the tumber.
an egg is soaked in maple syrup and turns from yellow to brown in one day's time.
egg is put inside a glass and mapple syrup is pored in it.
a do it yourself is playing with glass and egg
poster for a horror movie which is releasing in 22 feb 2020.
a man is holding a flash light in his right hand, as ghastly figure looms right behind his head.
a man with a blue shirt is crouching in the darkness and holds a light.
its the beging of the movie with the name bhoot.its look like advertisement to watch it.
a video advertisement of bhoot that took place on february 21, 2020. it provided the opportunity to pre-book ticket shows.
this is a trailor of a horror film and its name is bhoot.
the bhoot movie premier is on 21st feb 2020 and now book your tickets
a man in a blue blouse is holding a flashlight and a woman possessed behind him with her hand on his shoulder.
bhoot movie poster with sound effects in it.
advert on the bhoot that will be premiering on 21st feb 2020.
a girl in white colour dress doing excercise
a woman explains the first steps in doing a back hand spring.
a girl is doing exercise on a colorful mat.
the girl gives an instruction to jump
a girl in a white tanktop describes how to start a handspring.
a woman is doing a yoga exercise by stretching her hands
a blong girl is outdoor exercising on a woking out mat. the background of the video is a green area.
a little girl teaching how to give a mortal !! no, it was just a joke.
a girl is explaining how to make a jump move
a girl demonstrating how to do a particular exercise pose.
a person is creating a piece of art with some shredded plastic bottles
there is a boy who is building something with many green plastic bottles
this video shows how to create decorative wrapping
a person is making plastic bottle flower.
someone puts a bunch of soda bottles on top of each other to make a craft.
a person using cut green plastic bottles for some craft use.
a man describing how to use scrap plastic bottles in a diy video.
making a craft with finished cool drink bottles by cutting them into slices.
hands of a woman are making a craft from green plastic bottles
in a 5 minute crafts video, a person is putting some partially sliced bottles inside a normal one.
a woman is frying a vegetable in the stove in the market
a person who fry some big meatballs
an old lady making pie in the heat pan and taking it with tongs
there is a picture of a dumpling that is fried and is nice looking
woman prepares fried food on the street wearing a mask and apron
a cook is putting raw dough balls in hot oil to fry them.
a woman preparing food in hot oil to serve. the woman have a mask to.
a woman with nose mask frying food on the street.
ulher frying savory at an outdoor fair
a person is cooking something in hot oil
sentence 1: in a movie, ship based movie,  a lady locks a man hand in ship and go away.
in the scene of the film pirates of the caribbean, the captain is left behind trapped in his ship
a woman and a man are in a ship together and the woman leave the scene.
a woman fleeing from a pirate who is tied to the ship
a man and woman look at each other in a ship.
girl is leaving a person when the person is hold by a lock
a female pirate turns away from a male pirate, who watches her go as the music swells. the camera then cuts to show that the mail pirate is chained to something and cannot move.
a movie seen where a person hand with hankluf
a pirate is close with a pretty girl then the pretty girl walks away; the pirate is also chained up to the ship.
pirates of the caribbean movie scene
a boy in green t-shirt is teaching dance to a lot of people and every one is copying his dance behind him in order to learn it well.
latin music dance class
people in a dance studio are rehearsing for a song.
large group of people dancing to a choreography of a famous song.
group of people doing zumba together
a dance practice is being led by a man and a lot of women follows him.
dance class with teacher in green t-shirt and white tennis shoes.
group of children are dancing happily in the hall
green t-shirt dance master trained all group dancers.
the young ladies are working out zumba.
opening of band of brothers with the silhouette of several armed soldiers
the beginning of the show, band of brothers showing several military men
looks like 8 musicians are from same  band name band of brothers have
the clip shows a movie trailor of band of brothers with eight military men holding guns.
a movie starting scene of band of brothers.
eight guys are standing under a title band of brothers.
army men with arms aligns in a row under the title.
there are many man holding a fire guns in their hands
eight boys are standing in the middle the screen, while the words 'band of brothers' is written on top, with soothing music.
eight heavily armed men in an introduction to a movie.
three men are performing a segment of a farm song. the sequence is recorded at a construction site. very rural and very dangerous.
three men appearing standing separately under some kind of fleet metal roof. the men appear to be singing and moving as in dancing, there is some subtitles on the beginning of the video, which ends with a tractor on a big open field view.
three mens have enjoying about the profit in the farming business
three men dressed in gray standing in front of an industrial building are singing.
one man singing a song and two man standing behind them
a song scene in the farmers place and field performed by three guys, one guy singing and other two guys dancing by throwing some farm materials attractively
a band is singing music and a couple guys toss something into the air.
three friends singing loudly in a large field
a man says something and the two persons behind him put a handful soil to air.
three guys in a farm land.one is singing and the other two  behind him doing some performance.
the practicality of disclosure by social media, in this case instagram, which besides demonstrating work in photos, also demonstrates how we are what we like and much more
we have a recording on the cell phone of an instagram account
a girl show screen of her smartphone with different social media and her account details
a women is talking about an instagram app.
a screen recording of instagram page is shown
a cell phone screen does a profile search on instagram
a lady is explaining how to do something on instagram
a social media account and messages were demonstrated by someone in some other language
say some app how to handle this app said indian language.
someone sending text messages to people in their contact list
woman shares miniscule details of her ordeals about her clothing habits.
a woman lectures on stage about changing her habits and wearing clothes she already owned.
several pictures of a woman wearing different clothing.
woman talking while image of a woman with various different clothes is displayed on the screen
a girls with different post and different style selfeis
nine pictures of the same woman with several different looks
a lady is pointing to her dressing behavior of skinny jeans while giving a talk.
a person talks about how she spends on clothes.
shows a sequence of photos of a woman showing her changes over time
this is a video about a girl who wear different clothes on different locations
top 10 movies is one of the movie for largest sharks in the world.
a picture of a great white appears then the text top 10 largest sharks in the world appears as a speaker is talking
a video is showing a list of top 10 largest sharks in the world.
a man explaining top 10 largest sharks in the world in a tv show.
a man is explaining about largest sharks in the world
a large shark in the ocean on the background of screen of top 10 large shark in the world.
a giant shark with its mouth open.
a massive shark eating a person in the background with the words top 10 largest sharks in the world  written in the foreground.
an ad for the top 10 largest sharks in the world
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
an announcer describes what's going on as a basketball games goes on.
basketball player in white runs across entire court while dribbling the basketball and then shoots the ball into the basketball hoop of the opposing team.
a commentator doing commentary of volleyball game.
basketball game between two teams, where the guy in white jersey takes the control and audience aws.
two teams are playing a basketball match as the crowd cheers after them
an nba basketball game in which a player in a white shirt dunk the ball into the basket case.
a game of basketball at the moment when an incredible dunk occurs.
in the full crowded basketball ground the white t-shirt team picked a ball and made a point.
a basketball game where the player in the white shirt makes a big basket.
players are playing basketball in the stadium
a woman gives a talk at an event called tedx greenville.
there is a woman on stage talking about ted greenville.
in a stage, a woman is talking about health program
there are some people watching a young woman speak
a woman with dark blond hair wearing a blue dress is giving a lecture on calories.
a woman standing on a red surface talking to a group of people seated.
a woman is talking about eating during a ted lecture.
a ted talk given by a woman in a grey dress on a stage.
woman on top of a stage making a presentation.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
behind the scenes footage of pirates of the caribbean.
the pirates of the carribean movie is playing
a behind the scenes from one of the pirates of the carribean movies showing johnny depp.
a scene from pirates of the carribean with johnny depp standing in front of another actor while he says his lines.
two actors are being filmed dressed in pirate costumes against a fire light backdrop.
two men dressed as pirate shooting a movie
the pirates are talking to each other outside.
a mysterious man looks jack sparrow in the eye
after dark, the two pirates faced each other, eye to eye, speaking in low tones.
person holds a black device while  jack sparrow  character looks at man wearing black headscarf.
a man swimming in an olympic sized indoor pool.
man swimming in a large olympic-size pool at night.
a man swimming on the surface, the water is crystal clear and the man only moves his legs to swim.
a man swimming in the swimming pool
one person is swimming in to the water
in this video someone is explaining how to swim properly
learning to swim with brass on the example of a man in the pool
a person swims across a swimming pool while a person narrates about common mistakes.
a man is swimming on his back in a swimming pool.
a man is swimming in water and is explaining  about the swimming  steps
a beautiful girl wearing a white dress is talking to herself.
asian woman with glasses talking to herself
a young woman wearing glasses sitting at a table talking to herself. in the background there is a beach.
we can see a young asian woman having a conversation with herself
a woman siting and looking arround for something, she is asian
a woman sitting holding a pen, says out loud a doubt about something
a woman wearing white t shirt is speaking
a girl in white t.shirt and wearing spec's telling about something
an asian girl in two pigtails is thinking and writing something.
a lady with brown hair, wearing glasses is thinking about something and reading a book.
a baby plays with a big orange cat.
furry cat stealing turkey away from baby girl.
a baby playing with a dog
a child in a diaper is playing with a orange cat and clapping.
a baby in a diaper is playing with a cat.
a baby in a diaper playing with a cat.
a cat takes a piece of turkey out of a little girl's hand as she stands wearing only a diaper.
a cat is taking food from a child in a diaper.
a cat licks the face of a baby wearing a diaper, and the baby claps afterward.
a toddler in a diaper playing with her pet cat.
a type of traditional exercise performing by a person
a man of oriental origin doing a contemporary dance.
dancer presents on stage a beautiful and delicate choreography.
guy with out shirt dancing on a tune.
a man is doing yoga and he is standing on one leg and doing some activities with his hands
an asian boy performs in a dance show
a person perform the dance in front of audience
a chinese man dancing sinuously on the notes of a sad song from classical music
a man showing amazing body art
a man seems to be practicing his different skills
a woman is recording and admiring an old beige vintage lamp that has paint chipped off of it in many places.
an antique lamp in golden color.
it is a middle lamp but it looks like to old because the painting is damaged
a female voice talking about an antique lamp and its features.
a rustic iron lamp is shown.
the light on the screen. fire on the pic.
an antique lamp is there in the corner of the room.
a woman describing an old lamp or distressed looking lamp.
a woman is talking about how beautiful she is with a metal lamp
a women talking about a beautiful lamp that has candle lights in it old and rustic looking
clouds in the wind form tornados and become darker.
black clouds are forming in the sky.
cloud and tree video and music is playing in the background
the clouds are move on very fastly by using camera
this is a tornado sky or bad storm coming up.
a unique video of tornado formation.
lots of smoke in the sky. an empty field, just a tree over it all
there is hurricane forming on the white clouds
in video a they show how  tornado create in air seen
the clouds in the sky moving very fast and it is showing a sign of heavy rain to come.
a man is interviewed by another man and talks about his passion of combining rock 'n' roll music with automobiles
the video shows the man interviewed in his passion for cars.
the man says he has a strong compassion for rock and roll music and vehicles.
a man with a long beard talks to an older man in front of a vintage car
two people in interview talking about music album
a man with a very long beard and sunglasses is talking about his idea of a connection of rock and roll music and a passion for cars to a man interviewing him.
two persons talking for a television show
billy gibbons, musician from zz top, speaks about the connection between rock-and-roll music and passion for automobiles.
a man with large beard is giving good answers to the interviewer who is always smiling
a man with long beard with grey hat giving interview on his interest in collecting very old cars
a soldier with a helmet is comforting another soldier that is sitting down and severely hurt with his right leg missing.
a song plays, while one solder comforts an injured soldier followed by a man walking in the forest prior to an explosion in the background.
footage from a video clip from excerpts from a war film with wounded and explosions
the soldier is pacifying another soldier who is hurt.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a soldier holds and hugs a wounded soldier while other soldier smoking and walking.
soldier with broken leg helped by another soldier and another soldier smoking
a soldier tries to lift a wounded solder with both legs amuptated, another soldier smokes a cigarette and a bomb explodes behind him.
scenes of war are playing out, one with two soldiers (one badly injured) holding each other and one where soldiers are being bombed.
a war scene is showing then a bomb explodes
soloist in jeans and a purple t-shirt dancing against the background of an extras in yellow and white clothes
a person wearing torn blue jeans and a maroon full sleeve shirt is dancing to the music as a group of co-dancers in colourful dresses look on and then dance along with him
an energetic man in jeans and a purple shirt is leading a dance troupe in yellow shirts and white pants that is moving in time to the ratlle of something that sounds like a tambourine.
the dancing group are performing the dance.
a song from the indian film
several people in yellow shirts dancing with a man in a purple shirt in front of the group
there is a man who is dancing and there are bunch of men in yellow shirts.
a guy in jeans and shirt is dancing along with other dancers.
a person with purple colour shirt dancing according to music and back dancers are also dancing along with him
a bollywood clip showing many people engaged in synchronized dancing.
putting packs  in the microwave and then press the buttons they will come out cooked.
someone put food in the microwave, switched on the microwave and letter opened it.
a man puts a plate into a microwave and then turns it on to warm the food.
this cartoon network showing that the micro oven to prepare food
hands that open the microwave and remove the dishes
placing food packet inside microwave oven for cooking and taking it out.
a cartoon character placing food in a microwave and taking it back as cooked.
a man is cook for meals, its ready to micro oven
somebody places popcorn bags in a microwave and cooks popcorn.
some one is taking fried things from the woven in a animation
in camaral view of this guy singing a song.
a  man in a bubble singing with a purple neck
a person with long hair are singing a song in a glass studio
the blue man is singing a  beautiful love song
a man with a mustache and fringe is singing behind a blue television
a man with long hair is singing a song
a man singing a portion of a song in a white room, lit by a row of lights.
a man was inside the globe type bowel and talking with lot anxiety.
a man with his head in a glass bowl is singing.
a young man sadly singing a song lonely looking upward.
a dressed neat with infection in his nose, shaking hands with a women
two persons introduce and handshake inside the room
a man in a pink shirt is sitting down and talking to a medical professional wearing pink.
an asian nurse or doctor is speaking to a patient in an examination chair and she touches his arm.
a man wearing a shirt is sitting in a doctors chair and he greets the doctor as she enters.
in this video we can see a man with a problem with his nose sitting on a chair
a lady taking a man his nose has some injury
a man is shaking hands with a  lady and talking to her.
there is a man and and a woman . the woman comes to meet the man who is a patient  with his nose damaged
thedthe man introduces himself as, dr. pimple popper is examining his nose.
a guy with black outfit and hat is dancing with the guy with yellow outfit and hat on.
in the two partition of white and black background a person dance with black and yellow dress respectively.
a great movement of dancing both side dancers.
two dancers performing a song with different steps.
split screen showing teo men dancing in turn to music
music video for she drives me crazy, by the fine young cannibals.
two dancers are dancing in a video clip. the screen is spilit vertically. one is wearing a black outfit, the other one is wearing yellow outfit.
two people are dancing in white and black background
a black dressed man jumbing and sitting
two man left side wearing black dress and right side in khaki color one by one dancing
black man in a leopard print blouse and white t-shirt.
a participant is giving speech and the audience are giving applause.
a big black comedian is telling a joke on stage with audience laughing.
he says that he can go about 150 to 200 on any given day
this man is doing stand-up comedy.
a person is holding a mic and talking on the dias
black man with black hair wearing a white blouse with a long-sleeved burgundy jacket and a necklace around his neck speaking into the microphone in the background a brick wall
a man speaking in a mic at night time
a black guy talking on a stand up comedy show
a man sing a song
a group of people are dancing a choreography
a group of young people dancing in an open area
dozens of teenaged boys and girls dance an sign on a beach wearing summer apparel.
a large group of people are dancing and singing on the beach with the main character in a bright yellow shirt.
a group of team boys and girls were dancing
a very grand party is being celebrate, beautiful dance performance going on.
a large group of teenagers dances on a beach.
kids dancing and singing on the beach in the summertime
a group of people dancing on beach for a musical video.
large group of young people dancing on the beach to the same choreography.
there are words in neon white light above a darkened landscape of trees and hills.
a group of characters form in the sky over a giant expanse of land.
words appear in the foreground, with a picture of a misty, tree covered hill in the background. the words then disappear, leaving the image of the hill in the background as music begins to play.
a foreign language in pink letters appears before a forest landscape background.
calm music plays as a blue-tinted photograph of hills and the horizon is displayed.
a foggy mountain ridge is shown while soft music plays.
mountains covered with green trees under a cloudy sky.
the video is a starting scene from something and a title is shown.
a scene of misted mountains with acoustical music in background.
it looks like the beginning of a movie that takes place in the mountains.
a woman singing a country song and playing the guitar.
a woman is singing a song for a recording.
a female singing and playing guitar.
a woman is singing a song and also playing guitar
a young woman with long gray hair, singing and playing a guitar.
a small acoustic band playing a song with the female lead singing.
woman with long hair trapped wearing a gray shirt plays a brown guitar in a room with someone else also playing guitar there is a wall with many pictures
the woman sings religiously while playing her guitar . another man plays guitar. another ladys back is visible.
a woman is singing a song and playing a guitar
a female in grey shirt is playing her guitar and singing a song
description of the headlights of a car and a bolt
a screw near the headlight of a car is being examined.
a man narrates a video showing the headlight of a car
guy using a camera explains how to remove a headlight from a car.
a person just checking on his car parts
highlighted in the headlight of a car
man giving instruction on how to change a headlight.
a man is talking about a car light and how is set
some person explain the car front of the doom light
a man explaining how to remove the headlight of a jeep.
the group of people are fighting with fire in the darkness.
guy running with a gun in fire
army guy tries to run away from bombings and stays alive
the amry is going to war with machine guns.
there is a solider who is running into battle and then there is a big explosion that stops him.
some sort of montage, with a military guy looking at an explosion, then running, then behind a mounted machine gun, with rock music playing..
a soldier witnesses an explosion. another solider runs. another solider is shot.
a soldier runs towards a building as there is an explosion then he is in the forest and is shot.
a man running through various stages of war.
a soldier runs through a warzone and gets shot by bullets.
a woman sends sms messages on a cell phone
there is a phone conversation between a girl and someone else.
girl lying in bed sending messages by cell phone.
the lady sending and receiving messages.
a woman texts someone in her phone
girl is texting another person using her phone in a room.
a brown-haired girl is lying on her bed while texting on an old cell phone.
a girl in your room sending and receiving text messages.
a lady is chatting with someone in her mobile phone.
a teenage girl laying on her bed looking at text messages on her smartphone.
interview with an elderly gray-haired man in sunglasses
there is a person who is talking to a news reporter and he has shades on.
an israeli man dressed in black round neck t-shirt wearing sunglasses is praising us president for his favour on jews
the man is talking about the president of united states.
an old man with black sunglasses and black t shirt is admiring the president of united states that he is much happy with the president work.
a man commending the united sates president for his action in an interview.
a man wearing sunglasses and black shirt is talking to a reporter about the relationship of the president of the united states and israel.
outside in a large crowd, there is a guy in a black shirt and sunglasses talking.
a man speaking about israel and us political relations.
a man with black t-shirt praises us president when the press questions him.
a fragment from the film with the main character with long blond curly hair against the background of the roar of the beast
the movie is character is bending and wiping his nose and laughing.
there's a man with long blonde hair. he is wearing a black vest. he looks older.
a man falls down and getting up with strange expressions
superhero thor is emerging in a dramatic fashion to assess the situation.
a blonde guy kneel down and rubs his mouth.
a man gets up with anger and the movie clip was nice to see.
blonde man standing up looking dizzy and angry at another person.
thor is under cover of enemies in space ship
a guy with blonde long hair and armour on is raising up while rubbing his nose with hand.
paper shapes appear while a song is playing and soon after the shapes are filled with candy.
there are a bunch of cupcake wrappers and then the batter is placed in them.
making various designs with colors for your cake holder.
cupcakes are filling with cake batter
a tutorial about how to make cupcakes with chocolate and butter
a plate containing twelve digs for preparing cup cakes is used to make cakes.
black and white chocolate cup cake with recipe
some cupcake forms with some ingredients already placed.
a set of bowls lined up in table with food on each one
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
there is a girl and boy are sing a song
three young children take hold of colorful kites while on the beach.
three animation characters are receiving gifts and singing son
a colourful kite has been handed to each of the three cartoon children who are all smiling
the three kids are getting the kite and smiling on the beach side.
an animated kids video where a parent with a kid is sitting in a beach
cartoon with music showing 3 kids were presented with colorful kites and they become very happy.
three cartoon character are standing in the beach side
this is an animation video.
the cartoon channel playing the  video channel
a person is defining about engine parts
a man talking about an engine in a video.
automobile engine on the outside of the car, shown in detail.
person explaining the details about vehicle engine
an engine of a vehicle kept on floor
there is engine part with pipe and screw
images of a mechanism from different angles
a close-up video on an undefined vehicle mechanical component
a man makes a video about his engine.
a person is filming an engine which needs repair
black man with a pink shirt singing the open sky with various people around
a male singer dancing and singing in a musical video.
a group of men sing and move in a clip that appears to be reggae.
a music video of an r&b performer with several people.
a team of black men are singing while go along the street
the man is holding up a cup singing a jamaican song.
a reggae band sings outside.
a team of men acting for a music in the background.
six men are walking under the blue sky, witnessing nature in its trusty glory.
several black men are singing a very lively song
a cartoon dinosaur is rapping about how much he hates violence.
an animated wish with a puppet sending a message to the children.
horrid caracter sing, showing all its teeth and bulging eyes and pizza in its hand
the one eared monkey is scaring the kids.
an animated cartoon is shaking body and hands.
the kids is do you like violence sing in the screen. brown color kid.
something dances and sings like a big scorpion and enjoy
a scary teddy bear with two pieces of pizza
slices of food are taken in two hands by the monster and talks angrily.
a talking bear excidedly holds up two slices of pizza.
a man investigates the contents of a cooler.
dr phill is showing us what going on inside this box.
doctor phil pulls a white block out of a small white cooler while 3 women look on.
dr. phil reaches inside a ice box and takes an item outside of it.
an individual reaching into a heavy box and pulling something out.
a man opens a small cooler and proceeds to pull items from it.
dr phil looks inside of a box on stage in his tv show.
dr. phil is opening the container on his show.
dr phil is talking about a safety box.
a man in a dark suit takes items out of a cooler.
someone is writing carefully with a pen to make the words more artiful.
a person writing on a white paper
a man doing some writing and showing off some caligraphy.
the man explaining about the variety styles of in writing  the english alphabets
man narrating and showing the typography technique, using an old pen.
the person is writing something and talking about it.
professional lettering techniques are demonstrated, using a pen.
a beautiful and great text been writing in the paper with the pencil.
a person writing calligraphy with blue ink
a man transcribes the letters of the alphabet in italics with a pen
the debris upon a photograph is being removed by someone to show the picture.
the video shows a guy looking for a picture in the middle of a mess
a female digs cereal bowl to find picture.
a man is unveiling a picture of someone by cleaning the waste that is covering it
a persons hand is clearing debree off a picture of a man with glasses on.
the person is cleaning the dried leaves on the photo.
a lady just digging some mud to find a photograph of somebody
a hand spreads leaves that are on top of a picture of a man
a person remove the unwanted things then taken by one photo
removing gravels from above the photo of an old man
in the darkness of night, fireworks are being displayed in the air.
the crackers are bursting in the sky during dark and the crowd is cheering.
people are celebrating  and enjoying the situation using the gimmicks of the technology
three large, yellow fireworks exploding in the night sky.
they are firing lightning crackers into the sky
there are four orange fireworks exploding in the night sky.
a variety of fireworks are exploding in the night sky.
fireworks are displayed. the usual patterns that are common to fireworks, are observable. mild applause.
watching beautiful fireworks on a perfect evening and a lucious sky.
a dark sky with fireworks falling slowly through the sky and being applauded
the boy playing in the  running game
a men moving in the street and search something
there are a group of friends streaming minecraft.
guy show how to play the computer game
two peoples having conversation while playing minecraft
a screen recording of a game is playing and men are talking
a minecraft player is encountering a bug while jumping on a frozen river with snow around it
the game character is running on a snow and exploring the place.
a couple of persons giving commentary to the computer games.
players are playing in the minecraft garden with the sword in their hands.
the guy with grey coat crosses the consert.
a man is dancing on stage .musicians are playing music.
a band of african origin people l is performing on the stage.
a man wearing blue suit is entering the stage and the men wearing black suit are singing
the women's is very nice singing and dancing
main a suit walking across the stage, three men standing by their microphones while a man on keyboard plays in the background
a man walking and dancing on stage while a band performs behind him.
band dressed in formal wear and a man leaving the stage
man in black suit showcases his chops on stage, while members of the band already are rocking out.
singer leaving the stage in style, giving a stop to the audience. in the case of a quick departure for unforeseen reasons it was a master departure
a refrigerator filled with packed fruit juices, canned beverages and other food products.
the inside of a refrigerator is shown with groceries as a man names the features of this great product.
a man describing how upstanding an lg refrigerator is. the visual is of a refrigerator that is very spacious.
there is a person who is talking about a new fridge.
a person films the inside of a full refrigerator with many condiments.
the fridge are filled with the products like bread jam drinks.
a narrator speaks about a storage system while the camera pans the inside doors of a fridge.
showing the products inside the fridge
a shelf is full of various bottles in line
an open refrigerator is observable, with myriad products inside it.
a beautiful girl  is singing a song in a mike in a very happy mood
a young lady is singing beautiful song in the microphone.
a lady singer emotionally singling  and waving his hands in front of the mic
a lady is singing a song in front of a microphone with the musician playing the piano.
a woman is recording herself singing a song.
a lady sings a fast beat pop song along with chorus and orchestra in the recording studio.
singer sung a dancing rhythm with a microphone in front of her
a girl singing the song in the music recording studio
young girl with dark long hair sings in front of a microphone
a girl sing the song in the studio
a person was anchoring a television show with a women.
white and beautiful talk show presenter asking your guest a question
a men is explaining something to a women at show
the person with grey suit is sitting and talking in a tv studio.
an elegant man with a brown complexion speaks to an african girl in a white shirt
a man wearing a black suit is speaking to a woman
doctor phil is telling someone that they have no self worth and no selfesteem and no self respect.
a bald man in a suit talking to a girl in gray clothes.
episode of the program dr. phil with the presenter talking about what he thinks about the person interviewed
dr phil interviewing a black girl on his television show
a picture of five women standing together with the words no filter being repeated seven times
five girls are focusing in video
the women's very pretty and background music good
five women on the corner left and some struture in the background
the picture of a group girls standing is displayed with music playing in the background.
a song made up of five women saying no filter.
a very appropriate logo for a band with such sweet and hearty voices
five women are in high fashion clothes on the runway.
a photo five women displayed and a song is playing in background
5 women of different ethnicities are posing while on the screen are displayed the lyrics of the song being played
a very pretty and happy girl shows how her hoodie goes with a tight pair of blue jeans then transitions into a long skirt
a girl is changing her dresses in a fraction of second
a girl is shows off her hoodie, then spins around and  is now also wearing a hat and a bag.
a girl shows of her dress and her dress changes from jeans to a skirt after she takes a circle around.
a girl wearing different different costume and giving stills
a woman showing fusion dresses
a young girl dancing and showing her clothes.
a woman is demonstrating an alternative way of wearing a white sweater.
a young woman goes from wearing jeans and a white shirt to a white shirt and red skirt.
a girl showing her top which is suitable on jeans as well as long skirt.
a scene between two tan colored buildings with a large tower behind them.
there is a woman talking about a building that has a tall tower.
a voiceover describes a european city with a night sky
there is two buildings  one to the left and one to the right, them there is a tower in the center
a old-looking european gallery at night time being described.
huge beautiful building with many galleries on both sides.
the women in the background explaining about the construction of the building
a tower building in the middle of the two buildings with lights on at night.
the background voice of a female talks about gallery being displayed.
the magnificent building is stunning to behold, with a view on both sides
a mini black bike is showcased. a man proceeds to insert fuel into its fuel tank.
a black pocket bike is shown then a person fills gas tank
there is a mini bike in black color and some one is pouring oil into it
black fun bike providing space for petrolbox introduces with rocky music
presentation of a small black bike
small bike named pocket bbike was dilled fuel to tank
a black motorbike is parked on a concrete floor and someone is filling the petrol.
black motorcycle with a word written in red in place of the headlight parked on a concrete block floor and in the background a cement staircase and a black gate and a white person in a blue jacket and black shorts with a green gallon putting something in the tank of the motorcycle
this guy is getting ready to go have some fun on his mini bike.
a white title describes a black motorcycle of a man in a suit
donald trump is yelling at the camera
american president trump is explaining some important topic
donald trump talks to reporters while standing infront of a private helicopter.
the president of the united states is talking to the news reporter.
donald trump talking about some angry employee in front of the helicopter
donald trump  speech where in he says that he didnt talk to someone  or know anything about him
a man in a navy outfit speaks in front of a large helicopter in a grassy area.
america president donald trump speaking in media with nature background and helicopter standing backside
trump speaks out about someone that he don't want to meet and speak.
donald trump is on the green grass and talking about something
there is a man in black suite and a woman in white dress laughing.
a bride laughs in joy with her groom on her wedding day.
a man and woman enjoying each other's company at a special event.
a man and women getting married with sparklers shooting off in the foreground.
a bride and a groom are looking at each other and smiling .
what appears to be a happy bride in white and a grom in a tux are briefly shown with a sparker going off before the scene fades to black.
a bride stands with a groom and smiles in front of sparklers.
married couples in their wedding attires smiling and laughing while the fireworks is on going
a woman and man are dressed up in wedding attire and the woman is happy and smiling.
the two people are smiling as they get married.
music being reproduced while some images of a group of women appear
a cinta7susan musical drama gang onscreen and offscreen group picture
it is an advertisement of cinta 7susun
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
an asian group of women appearing on an asian tv series.
a slideshow with upbeat music playing in the backround depicts images of the group cinta 7 susun.
the opening credits of a show featuring several attractive asian women ends with a shot of all seven female cast members.
a display of photos of a movie involving it's characters
slideshare has many different girls and some text too
the promotional spot for an asian situational comedy. 7 asian women are displayed.
a beautiful image of nature followed by the phrase the end of the earth
this video clip is describing about end of earth
the beggining of end of earth where you can see the title
showing big mountain with volcano
a show called end of earth is about to begin.
a video showing video of end of earth
a video showing the fully from end of earth
the forecasting of end of earth is displayed on the screen.
an introduction of movie with flashing title
a scene from the movie end of the earth.
a cartoon video with a mouse, duck, character talking to each other.
donald duck, micky mouse and goofy are checking out floating islands in the sky.
a cartoon of micky mouse daphy duck and goofy
small video clip of the mickey mouse and his friends.
cartoon  pick 3 watching mountain and going
mickey mouse, goofy, and donald duck are trying to find the treasure island and goofy points out that it's on top of the cloud.
mickey ,minnie and goofy is in a video
a video of micky mouse cartoon where micky with duck and goofy
mickey, donald and pluto argue among themselves
mickey mouse and donald duck are having a conversation with goofy.
one girl is explaning how to do crafts
very interesting the idea passed in the video that can help many people to earn extra income
a woman with red fingernail polish holding glittery bows.
a person with painted nails shows ties while a female voice speaks in the background.
a woman is showcasing various ribbons she has made. a beige and a purple ribbon is displayed.
video is not play
a lady is making some colorful bows
a white bow is used to decorate card.
a female displays two different types of sparking bows in a how-to craft video.
there is a woman who is talking about making different types of bows.
is a video about crispy churros and someone takes one and tastes sauce
the food is french fry and chase.  it is very tasty.
someones hand is dipping a churro into red bowl of steamy sauce.
there is a dish with some fritters and sauce and someone is testing
a person dips a breadstick in a cup of hot chocolate.
a cup of drinks with some bakery items in plate
there are some fries and sauce and w
someone is dipping some thing in chocolate.
a person taking a churro and diping it in hot chocolate
a person pick up the stick and put into the souce and eat it
we see a little girl in the aquarium seeing a mana that yells at her and ends up scaring her
a little girl playing with a dolphin in the aquarium suddenly the dolphin opens its mouth and the girl terrified and fell down and started crying.
the beluga whale swam near the glass then quickly darted back scaring a little girl.  the little girl watched the beluga whale swim but she fell down when it turned and faced the glass.
a small child is crying seeing a dolphin opening its mouth.
a child is frightened by a species of whale.
a girl was afraid of a white seal in the aquarium
a girl is crying by seeing the dolphin
a baby is watching a dolphin in an aquarium and was suddenly scarred while the dolphin opened its mouth.
a small girl playing with dolphin behind the glass and falling down.
shark opening the mouth but  child  having afraid
a man in a uniform is standing near a white truck.
a man is announcing the completion of the installation of a leveling kit for a truck and giving a further recommendation of visiting an alignment shop for the tires.
in this video a man is talking about a car
a man with black dress is talking about installation and review of a truck.
a man wearing black shirt explaining about a car beside him
a man in a black shirt talking next to a white truck in a garage.
some guy is explaining the about a car how to do the installation
a man who describes the car near him
a man introduce and describe the features of a white colored car
a man dressed in black overalls is standing near a white truck and talking.
promotional spot for a person's project to review every episode of spongebob squarepants season 5.
a review by a young person about every episode of sponge bob to date.
kid talking about some episode
tv shows explain the episode spongebob
a cartoon squirrel from spongebob is standing still next to screen text.
in this video we can see a spongebob squarepants character and a woman speaking
there is a squirrel wearing an astronaut suite.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
an episode of sponge bob cartoon reviewed by a watcher.
an advertisement of the cartoon episode on tv
showing some useful tips about installation
a beautiful white colour house so cute
it is about five common mistakes to avoid when installing asphalt shingles
its a top view of a house,where a tiny form of house is seen.
a maroon asphlat sheets are laid.
a tutorial about the five common mistakes to avoid when installing asphalt shingles
a video titled 5 common mistakes to avoid when installing asphalt shingles.
a segment from a video explaining how to install windows correctly.
there is a house and a warning is showing about asphalt shingles
a brick roof showing the different layers of the grey shingles.
two men in headphones are watching a screen
a man wearing headphones next to a guy with shades
two men wearing black dress and sunglasses and head phone are talking to one another
two camera people watching the video in the screen and laughing.
two men wearing blue hoodies & headphone over ears one man wearing glasses while another wearing goggles looking at screen
two guys with headphones and glasses on are watching something and smiling.
two men sittin in fron
two people earing listen a song separately
two men concentrate on a presentation on a tv screen and start laughing.
two men in headsets are listening and laughing.
we can see a kind of practice with ancient powder of 3 people
a group of men recreate a battle scene using a canon to shoot over the blue sea.
cannon old but still working, showing the quality of the work using the same material we have today but are we able to do something of similar duration?
the men are testing the canon out by shooting it.
a man in a red shirt lit and fired a cannon
a man in red shirt is firing the conon
men shooting a cannon shot toward the sea on a clear and cloud-free day
some people are trying to make a shoot from a antique gun on malta
a man in a red blouse fires an old war cannon that is aiming for the sea.
two man holding a cannon and one does fire it
cartoon clip showing a cartoon character in busy state
a cartoon character driving a machine and talking.
a cartoon character that is balding and wearing glasses talks in front of a box full of either toys or tools.
an old man with glasses  is getting excited to use his new robot and he can't even wait more.
cartoon of an elderly man with a box of belongings
a cartoon of a short, bald old man with glasses
cartoon of a bald man with glasses.
short elderly man with very large glasses digging through tech gadgets in a car.
a scientist trying to neutralise his invention with his computer.
cartoon character men in red colour coat is telling something
a man lathers his face with white shaving cream.
a man uses a brush to apply shaving cream to his face.
a man was putting shaving cream on his face with a brush and you can hear funny music playing, then he is sitting in a living room, fully dressed getting ready to talk to the camera.
a man lathering up to show people how to shave.
a man is trying to shave with a safety razor.
a man is shaving his face.
a man showing you how to shave your face.
a man showing how to shave with a razor.
a man lathers up his face and demonstrates how to shave.
a man with shaving foam on the chin spreading it with brush
two boys playing basketball in indoor basketball court
two persons play basketball and one person the shoots the ball in the basket.
the men in red and the men in black are playing game each other
man in orange vest scored a goal in a basketball match
a spectacular play in basketball!
two men playing basket ball match
players are playing basketball in the practice room
two persons are playing basket ball and one person put a goal
one on one basketball, one player does a triple doing rebound with the back wall
two people are playing basketball. one of them does a trick shot off the wall into the basket.
in a beach wedding ceremony,bride walks around in a white dress.
a wedding ceremony takes place in a specially arranged area near seashore. the bride enters to the place with accompanying a boy while both wearing white dress.
a woman narrating a photo and video of her wedding
a woman speaks with images of a wedding ceremony.
images of a bride on her wedding day on the beach
they are explained love and marriage  function
the people were getting married out by the beach.
a bride dressed in white is walking down the aisle.
two people in white are sharing vows for their wedding in a beautiful place
in a wedding photo shoot, a bride in white gown is walking the aisle and two boys are holding the veil.
the person is getting ready to ride on his black motorcycle.
a man pans in on his black motorcycle and headlights.
a man is describing a black smart motorbike
a black motercycle is parked by the road and a man is talking about features of the motercycle.
a man described the front of a motorcycle, which has lights that look like eyes.
a person takes a closeup of the front of their motorcycle.
a black motorcycle is shown from the front, the headlights look like demon eyes.
a black motorcycle is the focus of this video while a man outside of the shot describes it.
a guy explaining the look of a black motorcycle on a road.
a guy is talking about the bike have eyes
it's in the deep sea, and a shark just swam by. the sharks color looks a bit bluish because of the water
a lady tells that few sharks live in the shore and many other sharks live in the arctic ocean.
large fishes are moving freely inside a pond
showing sharks under the sea.
sharks are swimming in a type of tank, they are probably in some water park.
in the water looking at different kinds of sharks
this video shooting the under water moving the white shrark.
sharks swim among the other fish near the substrate.
shark fishes can be seen swimming
there is a female who is talking about sharks that are swimming in the water.
a person making with cupcakes and filling the tray in flour
white batter is being spooned into paper lined cupcake trays.
scooping batter and putting the batter in cupcake molds.
a female preparing multiple dessert trays.
using two spoons, scoop the batter into the cupcake tin
the chef is preparing cookies.
a person is taking batter out of a bowl and placing it in individualized foils sitting in a tray.
a guy in kitchen is putting dove into tray holes.
some one makes cupcakes.he take it from the ball with spoon an put it cups
some guy is cooking and making a cake and baking it in the oven
a person mixing in something with a bowl
a lady was baking a cake.
a chef is mixing something to prepare food
a person showing how to make a recipe in a video.
someone is making candies, mixing chocolate and mixing egg whites until stiff.
someone is blending egg whites along with melted chocolate preparing for a cake.
on the table, person making a recipe with two bowls.
mixing some ingredients and later using hand blender
a woman mixing chocolate in a bowl and whipping up eggs in another bowl
background music while a person beats some eggs, preparing some recipe
tvoice over man explaining how to cut a pastry inside boiling oil to make desert
a man pouring something in the hot hot in the black pan and cutting it with scissors.
someone is talking about some kind of batter
someone is putting dough in a fryer and explaining how to do it.
a man is pouring butter into hot oil.
strength test of a piece of wood using a fireworks device
in the kitchen someone is pressing paste in to the boiling oil of the pan and cutting it.
the woman squeezes the batter bag creating a string of batter which falls into the hot oil.
a man describing a recipe in a tv show
instructional cooking video of dough being squeezed out of a plastic vessel and into a large cooking pot of hot oil.
a man and women taking a tour of a flat.
a man and a woman are walking through the empty rooms of a renovated apartment
a real estate agent shows the house to a woman
a man is showing his house and kitchen
a men is explaining the interior view of house to his women
two person is look for house and they are some speaking to walk
a couple visiting a house and walking to the kitchen.
a man dressed in black casual clothes guides a blonde woman in a tan jacket and jeans through the corridor of a house and into the kitchen.
a man and woman are observing the house and entered a room
explaing abouth the interior rooms of her house inside
hen and chicks eating seed laid on the ground.
a brown hen with its black and white chicks are eating rice.
a big fat hen is eating grains with her ten chicks
a brown color hen and its chicks in black and white color are taking food.
a hen and her chicks are eating grains off the ground
a hen and her chickens eating their food and making lot of noise.
a mother hen with several baby chicks noisily peck at their food on the ground.
there are a hen and chicks eating their feed on the ground
the chicken along with its chicks are having its food
hens is eating foods with other members of her family
someone wearing a black shirt plays music on a brown violin.
a musician is playing his musical instrument alone
a nice melody is played by a person wearing black dress from the violin.
a violin player plays a music in his instrument in style of legato and pizzicato.
feel the guitar's music
a person with black tshirt and playing the guitar
a man plays a violin and pulls the strings using his fingers in the violin.
a person play the voilin in front of camera
a person in a black shirt uses a violin.
a guy is playing violin  using his fingers and the playing instrument
a wooden room with red door is showing
image in a book shows the horse barn with the outside wall painted red and lots of green grass around it and two horses at the barn door, one white and the other skin colored, then a blank page with a written text on it. another pegina the image of a golden wind driver with an animal with wings.
a page of a book of a pink pig and horse in the farm.
a female voice describing an animated story.
a book where there is a big pink horse and a little horse
some one reading a story about pig to somebody else in the video
in the cartoon a small home with red color and a horse standing behind the house.
a pink pig in a red square house.
a woman it telling a story to the kid.
cartoon video  upload in cartoon channel
five girls were sharing their memories of their student days in terms of animated video
a group of young women's posing to the shoot
a photograph of five women are displayed. then, their hit song is being played with individual photos of them.
cover of a music disc where five women appear in front of a red curtain
musical group of girls.
five friends are enjoyng a party.
the pictures of a group of young ladies are displayed with music in the background
five different dressed womens standing and a music playing
a poster having five girls on it.
five women beside each other with there hand on each other backs
someone is filming a green cadillac in a parking lot.
there is car in green color and the engine is shown
there is a green car with a green wheel opened dicky and a women siting outside.
a person take image the around car and engine in front of camera
a guy is sitting beside a parked car in an open area
this is show of a car on the street
someone filming the engine of a lowrider car
a lady is sitting in chair nearby a green car.
a cameraman is taking us on a tour of an auto show.
the engine in the back side of the green color car is open.
a man with a long white beard, black hat, playing bass guitar and singing on stage
billy gibbons, musician from zz top, is singing and playing the guitar.
we have an older man with a big beard playing the guitar
zz top playing guitar and singing.
zz top guitarist playing a song on his guitar
a man with a white beard and a hat is playing a bass and singing a song
a musician playing guitar and showing his performance
the old man was singing the song and playing guitar
an old man is playing guitar and singing a nice sng.
a white beard man is playing guitar in a band.
many people are gathered together enjoying a dolphin show.
a large killer whale jumps out of his pool. entertaining people at an amusement park.
a crowd of people watching a killer whale show wait as an orca swims under water then jumps head first straight up into the air.
a killer whale leaps out of a large pool and then falls back in.
in an aquarium show filled with an audience, an orca swims and jumps out of the water beside the presenter.
a whale swimming in a pool and jumps in the air.
a large whale is swimming and jumping out of an aquatic tank, there are a lot of people sitting on bleachers and you can hear the crowd, there is also very dramatic music playing as the whale swims through the water.
an orca swims out of the water and creates a splash.
at seaworld a killer whale jumps up in the air and people whoop and hollar.
large orca whale leaps from  deep blue water tank and touches object for  astonished crowds during a show.
people get together in a room discussing something
a woman is complaining about something with her friend.
three friends are talking together and one has glass in her hand
a woman talks while others can be seen in the background
3 me and two women having a conversation where a white women, in black dress is talking to a man in green shirt and the black women and others are looking on.
the video shows a very good comedy series
there is a woman who is going off at a man and then there is a laugh track.
in a party a young lady speaks indifferently to a young black man in green dressing.
in this video we can see a beautiful girl talking to a black boy
the girl asking to boy.
a mack in dark suit and white skirt is singing and dancing on the scene
a man performs a pop song in a live venue, surrounded by dancers and a band.
the male singer is performing while the dancers are positioned across the stage.
this performance is very energetic and singing is very well.
young men are singing and performing on a stage.
performance of a band on an illuminated stage
a concert is going on with a singer singing a song with some dancer.
in this video we can see a boy singing and four girls behind him dancing
a handsome boy is singing a rocking song on stage and women's are dancing around him in an enjoyable manner
stage performance in a mass grand stage was done by a crew of people in a coat and suit dresses playing musical instruments, singing and dancing
military jet gets ready on the runway and takes off
an aeroplane is taking off from the land to sky
a expensive looking military plane taking off from an airport
capture the camera from take off the air jet
a army air craft is taking off from the run way.
jet plane taking off on the runway
a huge aeroplane is just taking off from the ground
a man talking while a jet starts to fly
demonstration of a flight, which was newly made.
man telling about fighter plane taking flight.
a seen from an interview on tv channel.
taking interview of the athlete
a white tshirt person making an interview with black tshirt person with his different questions.some brand name appears on their background screen.
a man wearing a white shirt talks to a man wearing a black shirt sitting across from him.
two guys talk about how to inspire kids to be the best athletes they can be.
two guys are talking to each other right across each other.
a black person is talking to a white person and they are having a nice conversation.
two person sit, and the man will speak, the second man watch and listening.
two men are having a conversation.
a black male talks to a white male while sitting on their respective perches as he virtue signals to the viewers.
a bald man with glasses, a woman with black hair, and another man with a bruised face.
trailer for the film in which a man with glasses tells something to his opponent
a man is seen walking alone in the road
a man wearing eye glasses leaning over to talk to a man being held down.
a car has caused accident and hit a building
a man walks outdoors, then the image switches to a man interrogating another man about the disappearance of a woman and child.
someone in black is walking and another guy was talking
it is from  a movie and  he is expressing  his anger in this scene
a person has kidnapped a man with his mens.
a man with a beard and glasses is interrogating a man and aggressively asking where someone is
food supplied and friends are eating in a buffay
a road side food maker giving food to the customer
man prepares food and puts it on a green plate with napkin and delivers it to a customer.
a man outside getting food from a taco stand
street food with burger was tasted bby a landscaper
asian fast food establishment serves a customer with an orange meat of unknown origin.
a man is taking his order for food in a street restaurant
in supermarket sales the food and so many persons are  listen  shop
a man is ready to eat street food with very colorful dish.
there are 4 to 5 people in the video and one person is selling food with mul items in front of him and one person takes a plate of food from the seller and starts appreciating  the person for his food
a hairy spider with several eyes and it's hair is sticking straight up in some places.
spider's hair is described by narrator.
an image of a spider is shown, while a man speaks about the spider.
a man's voice describes the behaviors of a spider.
a man voice heard describing a certain animal on the screen
there is a picture of a creepy spider and there is a person who is talking about the spider.
a close up picture of a large hairy spider, you can see it's large eyes and hairy legs, someone offscreen is explaining spiders.
a spider is shown as a man narrates about how they function
spider is looking at the camera and scaring a large amount of people
some one is talking about a spider and the hair on it.
there is a lady who is laughing in an evil way and there are dogs raining from the sky.
a person smiling and after that dogs falling from the skys as the title of 102 dalmatians fades.
disney's 102 dalmations promo cruella de ville's actress laughs eviley and snoop doggie dog song plays bow wow wow.
dalmations afe falling from the sky while a woman with black and white hair comments.
cruella devil is laughing, then a movie title appears.
an old woman with half black and half white hair doing a news story on tv
a woman with half black and half white hair laughs into the camera as the title text of disney's 102 dalmatians appears and 20 dalmatians fall from the sky.
a lady with black dress is speaking with mic
a woman got dressed up scarcely  and started  saying something
introducing the film 102 dalmatians.
a boy haug the girl and circle the girl in road side
a happy couple twirling in loving embrace while music plays
a man in a plaid shirt is spinning aorund a woman in his arms.
a hug from 2 people a fraternization a boy with a black and red plaid outfit and a girl with a black outfit in the couple is in nature an open place in the middle of the square
a very lovely couple meeting each other in a song.
the girl and boy both are in romantic mood.
a beautiful lady with woolen cap is being lifted by her lover and having a romantic moment in the meadows.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a girl and boy were huging and enjoying
a man in a black and red flannel hugs a girl while lifting her off the ground and spinning in a circle. they are both extremely happy.
there is a group of people huddled together and some men are dancing in front of them.
2 men from india are dance battling with a crowd gathered around them, mainly women.
a crowd of indian women watching indian men dancing in the street
scene from an indian film.
two asian men are dancing together which looks like a cultural ritual and a big audience watches them.
several women and girls look suspiciously at a group of young men as they dance.
people watching men dancing and playing
some people are dancing and other people watching the same
an audience watching two men dancing to a song.
men dancing to amuse and cheer the women in the background what apparently is working with the girl in the white dress
a group of seven guys dancing inside a room
a dance group perform a routine over music with captions at the bottom acting a guide to people who want to learn the dance
an amazing group dance perform by a very good crew
a group of guys are dong a dance routine on a hardwood floor to fast music
dance routine being performed by a group of young men on a wooden dance floor in mixed attire.
seven boys dancing in an off stage
a group of people dancing and giving a dance tutorial.
a group of young boys do a dance performance while they sync their actions and move around un circle.
the dance group showing a dance on various music instruments
a group of boys dance while captions explain their movements.
a man is adjusting his bike and riding on it
there is a really cool motorcycle chase going on and it is fun
a biker  starts a motorcycle in a service station and goes away.
a man is driving a  motorcycle police and go to the high way
riding a motorcycle on the road.
a bike rider start to the ride on the traffic road
the boy is driving a motor cycle.
a man in all black clothing and a helmet riding a motorcycle after leaving a gas station.
a man films himself riding on motorcycle.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
its a dance compilation the man has announcing by mic
a man in a pink shirt and jeans performing on stage.
the boy is telling a story to the audience.
a comedian with white shirt on is talking on an orange stage.
a person wearing a white shirt doing a standup comedy.
a man in white formal shirt and jean is talking  on the stage
a gentleman on stage in a crisp, white button-down shirt is trying his hand at comedy.
man speaking into the microphone to some people who form an audience
a person is addressing a large crowd in a hall
a man inwhite shirt performing a stand-up comedy show on a stage.
scenes from the new version of star trek with a woman conversion with some men in a spaceship
this was a clip from star trek the next generation the old version of the show
the senior lady in senior position asking opinions from her assistant
woman in black and red color uniform talks to man wearing black and yellow uniform
there is a man and a woman and they are talking to each other
a lady is seemingly surprised looking into something
video from startrek of a white woman and a black man having a conversation.
a woman in red with black shirt and a men in yellow with black shirt are speaking each other
a sports dressed lady and boy speaking and watching nearby things
scene from the film startrek
woman who unravels the healthful abilities of a pillow
the video is of a woman advertising a pillow
a lady is giving a advertisement about a spine align pillow.
a girl is siting and and hold a pillow
a beautiful girl with long hairs and black white lining dress is telling about a pillow that it is spine aligning pillow and a chiropractor has designed it perfectly.
some girl is talking on the stage and people are enjoying the song
a woman speaks about a fancy pillow that costs between 129 and 149 dollars.
showing a type of pillow.
a women is holding a pillow and explaining something
a woman is showing the quality of a pillow to the audians
the man with black dress is singing a song on a music video.
a man in black is singing a song.
he's singing in a music video.
a black guy with black jacket dressing is singing the song.
a black-skinned man with a dark mesh sings a song in front of blue lights
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a singer sings in an empty room with nothing but some lamps in them.
a black guy singing a classic song.
a man in a black suit stands and sings as lights flash around him.
black man with a brown clothing singing in a little lighting environment
few animated characters talking to each other in an animation series.
a girl wearing a red dress and a yellow cape is levitating in the air talking
cartoon of a girl dressed in a red outfit and a cape
a girl dressed in a red superhero outfit with a yellow cape.
a cartoon with a girl dressed as a superhero saying that she told the villain that his plan was not going to work
a boy in a red suit is talking to someone
cartoon of a girl dressed as a superhero, and the girl appears to be talking to someone.
word girl calls the villain out on not fooling her except the villain has a backup plan.
a cartoon of a girl in red costume and yellow cape talking and moving.
a cartoon of a superhero telling the villain their plan wouldn't work.
a man describes how his truck has been sealed at the back top and the material used
boot space in backside  of the car was explining
a man is totally confused where to put the marking in the board and telling his suggestion to the person near by standing with him
there are people who are moving around a lot inside a car and liking it
there is a car and a persons show its body part
showing the pickup cover.
some one is explaining about black object in front of him
a person capture the car parts by using camera
a man is pointing his finger at small scratches on the back of his car.
a person showing car and showing something.
a man is talking about jet fighter planes.
planes fly while a voice talks about them.
the commentator tells about the war planes of russia as the screen shows the planes flying .
a documentary talking about features of russian bomber fighters jets.
military aircraft fly over a grassy area while a man's voice speaks about the aircraft.
there are planes that are flying high in the sky
the fighter jets are from russia and have been used in combat!
several white army aircraft flying over the field
a freshly developed russian fighter jet is shown. a formation of these fighters are also seen in the sky.
there are five air craft in the sky.
behind car boot is open widely with the man got watch
a voice is discussing how to do a repair on the back door of a vehicle.
a hand pats the tailight of a light colored hatchback.
a man showing details in his car with the trunk open.
man analyzes trunk of a car
a man opens the trunk of a car and shows the rear tailgate on the left side of the car.
a person is explaining how to fix his car
a guy is talking about how to fix his car.
a man is showing how he works on the trunk of his car and needs a screwdriver for this
the driver asks for a screw driver to remove the two pins
video of film eye in sky showing a plane in sky
plane flying in the sky and suddenly changes to the screen for a name
a aeroplane is flying and some text is played
this is a advertisement for some jet model that is going to be launched too soon
airplane is flying in the sky, then a title screen is formed from distant airplanes.
an airplane is seems flying in the air after than a black screen appears with eye in the sky written there.
an intro to what appears to be a flying company
a long, skinny, white aeroplane flies over land. it cuts to a black screen where the words ' eye in the sky ' and ' spring 2016' are written in white.
an instructional description of aeroplane and its mechanism.
eye in the sky - little plane is flying in the sky before name lettering
a man talks as an amplifier is shown, then a man in a black shirt kneels next to an amplifier as a woman in a patterned shirt stands nearby.
this machine is complicated to understand and it was explained by a person to his student which was displayed in the frame of primereguitar.com
he is showing us the audio equitement that is required for their rock band.
yellow marshall machines are in the picture while a man in the background discusses them.
there is a man who is talking about complex guitar equipment.
the old yellow radio is playing in this setting.
a man looks at a large marshall 8080 amplifier.
some guy is talking about marshall stage gear, 80/80's, for sound.
a number of yellow devices are shown stacked upon one another as a man narrates.
a voice explains the settings on an amp.
a person is demonstrating how to deposit coins and cash to the mini savings bank with background music on.
a cardboard coin-box is being operated. a man inserts a coin and two instances of paper money into the coin-box.
small cardboard atm with options to use coins and banknotes
someone is demonstrating a diy piggy bank made of cardboard.
a piggy bank that accepts both cash and coin in different compartments.
a hand puts a coin into a coin slot followed by a $5 bill in a cash slot.
a person demonstrate about the small money saver machine for the kids
a person just puts a coin in a box
the mini atm is produce in person. coin cash and gear.
cardboard  model in which coins and currencies are inserted.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
group of five people in red t-shirt dancing with a graffiti wall in the background
a group of people dressed in red dancing to a song
group of dancers in red shirt and black pants dancing
some kids are dancing on a song.
five girls wearing red t-shirts dancing together to music, with a graffiti painting on the back wall.
a group of five young ladies wearing red shirts are dancing.
perfect choreography, all at the same time with the same steps the same shirts are just a detail for all the same steps
five girls are dancing taki taki
the girls are performing dance workout class.
a lady plays violin beautifully.
a young woman soulfully playing the violin.
a young woman is playing a beautiful music with a violin
a woman in a white headpiece is playing a violin.
the violin instrument take this girl
a girl with a hair kerchief is playing a very mournful tune on a violin.
there is a girl playing her violin and enjoys music
a woman is playing a bit of monti czardas on the violin, while the piano accompanies her.
in a video a lady is playing violin
a woman in white hearing a headpiece is playing the violin outside.
this is the the shark fish r captured in camera
some dolphins are swimming in the waters and birds are flying in the sky
birds flying in the sky and three whales swimming in the ocean.
some great and beautiful killer whales are walking up and down in the sea
a large fish is swimming with other fishes in a sea
the shark whales are swimming in the water.
there is a lot whales that are swimming in the ocean
a school of whales are swimming in the ocean as a bird flies over them.
filming of a group of orcas swimming together in a little clouds day
the dolphins are jumping and swimming in the middle of the ocean.
a man in a black t-shirt and jeans places wheels next to a black baby carrier that lies folded ont he floor
a black wheel suitcase sits on the floor and wheels are set next to its opening.
a segment taken from a guide on how to fold/unfold a practical travel bag which has tires attached to it.
a guy is assembling wheel like thing to a black bag.
someone  on blue jean and blue sneakers arranging wheels to be fixed on a box.
showing how to fold and unfold baby walker
a man moving two wheels close to a bag.
a man stacks the disassembled wheels of a baby stroller next to the main carriage.
a man puts wheels in a backpack
a black tshirt with jeans weared person taking three small wheeles and put on the black colour bag.other side of the bag has two wheels on it.
a person drops a dollop of cheese over a potato dish and cuts into tweet with a knife.
the potato grill in the cheese. the volcanoes is good sweet.
yummy cheesy grilled potato volcanoes with the nice decoration.
someone is watching a video of potato volcanoes.
some one is cutting a eatable with knife
a person cut chessy potato with knife and breaks into two pieces
making food tasty grilled cheesy potato volcanoes dish.
the person is cutting the grilled cheesy potato volcano and showing it.
delicious rolled bacon potatoes being cut in half
a video depicting grilled cheesy potato volcanoes
two guys with a guitar pose on the cover of their song
a picture of two men then switches to a short clip of one man with long hair playing the guitar to the song shut up and dance with me.
two man, one on the right and the other in the left with guitars
man armed with a guitar is about to convince the world that he can play it.
two men in the grey and black t-shirt with guitar giving pose for a song ad.
a musicians  sings and expressing their talent.
in this video we can see a boy playing electric guitar
there is a person playing an electric guitar and he does a song cover.
a man wearing black t shirt is playing guitar
guitarist advertisement and plating songs how it works
a monkey talking to a cow on a farm, near a tree.
a monkey trying to tell cow  how to be a good little cow?.
small monkey talking to big black and white cow in the middle of the farm.
there is a monkey and cow in park
in the cartoon, monkey says hi hi and laugh towards a cow.
curious george is telling the cow through gestures and sound to be a good little cow.
a monkey talks to a cow and it turns its back on it
primitive cartoon baby with a monkey george and a white cow
cartoon of the character curious george talking to a cow.
a cartoon monkey talks with a cow and it leaves making the monkey sad.
a picture of a wardrobe followed by a man telling you how to build it.
a man in glasses begins to talk about building a wardrobe.
a brown wardrobe closet then a man with glasses and white hair talking about the build of that cabinet.
a man in a t-shirt says he will show the building of his wardrobe next.
a man is talking about building his walk drove.
there is a large empty shelf and the man is talking.
a man intrduces a video about a wardrobe he has built.
a man in a white shirt is talking about his recent build a wardrobe job.
there is a man with glasses who is ready to talk about his wooden closet.
this man will show you how to build a wardrobe closet.
a man with paint on his face apologizes to the viewers.
a guy in a grey shirt with face paint on wipes his hands off
a young man in grey tshirt is just trying to explain something
a man is talking in front of a wall with street art on it.
a person with a colorful background saying something
a person with grey t-shirt having red tattoo on face explain about crafting
a person with grey tshirt talking and painting
a boy in gray t shirt and a colorful background is asking sorry for disruption to someone
a man with grey shirt in a multicolored background
a man in a t shirt values the presentation of his content.
a bald man wearing grayish-gray clothing is talking to an object in front of his mouth.
bald man is monk robes is speaking into a contraption.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a woman is talking about a huge bald man holding an object in his hand
a person wearing black jacket is seen holding a mike in his right hand and telling something as a woman in the background is explaining about mojo
scene of an animated series of anime in the appearance of a bald man
a woman is doing a top 10 countdown of characters.
two children's cartoons with a person discussing them.
the commentator tells about the top ten avator characters.
animated character speaking through a communicator, then a logo appears.
a piece of noahâ€™s arc was found a reporter tells it all on the news casting
a men are standing in the field
they are talking about running race track and the guys are discussing it
a man is speaking about a large ship while showing an old picture
a man is commentating a video that shows a landscape with mountains in the background and people standing.
description given based on bible
archaeological discovery surrounded by delimitation lines to preserve what time has preserved
a large sandy hill is covered in a taped out grid for an archeological dig.
showing people doing work on the land.
there are numerous guys standing on the top of an hill and doing some research and the voice over tells something is described in the bible
a guy in a black tee shirt is showing off his awesome haircut he did himself
a man is showing before and after pictures of a haircut.
the clip shows the before and after photos of a man wearing a black t shirt. the clip shows the before and after pictures of the man following a hair cut.
a man narrates the video of a young man after having a new haircut
a man in a black shirt compares his hair before and after cutting it.
a chines showing how you cut smartly cut your hair yourself
a person in black shirt is twice shown in the clip before and after shave
a man wearing a black t-shirt is shown before and after his haircut. on the left he has long hair, on the right he has short hair shaved on the sides.
a man showcases before and after photos of his self haircut.
a before and after comparison of an asian guy after cutting his hear
the hero sings song and offers the symbol of love to the sweetheart.
one boy is giving heart balloon to a girl.
a man has given a heart balloon to a girl and she is smiling after take it
a dark skinned pakistani? man in a leather jacket sings/dances in a music video offers a balloon heart to a lite skinned indian/pakastani woman.
a hero appealing his love towards a lady by singing a song in hindi.
in this song,a boy tries to impress his girl in mall and showing his love on her.
a man singing the song and he is gift with heart shape in the girl
a men is singing a song for his women by giving a balloon
a man with a balloon heart in his hand, chases a young woman, until the lady accepts the heart.
man trying to sweet talk a women in a music video
the shark fish are swim in sea capture the camera beautifully.
a man telling how smart dolphins are and a few dolphins playing around in a sea.
there are dolphins swimming in groups, in the blue water of the ocean
many dolphins swimming in the blue sea.
an under sea world showing how sharks move in crowd and a mother shark guides every other
a video from national geographic channel where we can see dolphins swimming
one person tell about swimming dolphins are in the water
blue and clean seabed with dolphins swimming in a flock.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a group of dolphins swims in the sea.
a woman holding a plate of food runs after someone.
a man & woman begin to run down a dirt road.
the people are running around and are a man and a woman.
a man in a straw hat and woman start running down a dirt road carrying a large object.
there is a man and a woman who are running away. the woman is carrying something in her hand.
a young man and a young woman run as the woman carries a flat basket holding food items.
two characters a man and a woman run down the road they seem to be in thailand or cambodia as their are pointy stupa buildings in bacckground.
someone is watching a movie with a girl running.
a man yelling mom and then running with a woman.
a man and woman race out of a village onto a dirt trail.
a man hidden in a fake snowman costume scares three people walking nearby.
a person pretending to be a snowman sits on the street and scares a group of people walking by.
people walk down the side of a street and are scared as a snowman jolts.
a hidden camera shows pedestrians walking down a sidewalk by a statue of a snowman, the snowman is actually a person in disguise and moves so as to startle the pedestrians.
three people are walking on the sidewalk and they are startled when a large snowman moves towards them.
while walking down the sidewalk in a city, a man and two ladies are surprised by the movement and sound from a snowman.
people are walking towards a snowman and the snowman starts moving and scares them.
there are a alot of cars hanging out as people walk through the city
a fake snowman scares people as they walk past it.
a white, evil snowman startles a blond haired man wearing a grey jacket who is walking with friends.
a man wearing a watch and cap opening a box one by one
a man is taking two lids out of a wooden box. he's wearing a cap and a plaid shirt.
a man talks about bee breeding
a white man opening a wooden box for growing bees.
a man in white shirt and blue jeans wearing a brown cap and a watch opening a box with steel cap in the green lawn with trees in the background.
some guy is talking about building some thing.
a man opens a wooden box in his yard.
idoso mostrando dispositivo de madeira ao ar livre para armazenagem
a beekeeper is opening a wooden box with ten hives while standing in a grassy area.
the man open to the someone box, and he will speaking.
girl singing a song in front of crowd with amazing voice
women in blue and white clothes singing and dancing to an audience
a girl group performs a live outdoor show for a group of fans, many of whom are recording the show with their phones.
a music troop with girls doing a concert in an open stage while the viewers are recording video through their mobile phones.
women pop group perform on stage, while a large group of onlookers view the performance.
a j-pop song is played by a j-pop band in a concert in the sunny weather.
a girl stage performance in the dance and singing
there is a person in a blue dress that is dancing and singing on the stage.
asian girl group singing to an audience.
an group of girls sing and dance on stage outdoors in front of a large crowd.
seven small mushrooms stuck to a tree trunk grow quickly and a hand appears to pick a mushroom
mushrooms are growing on a tree and picked off.
there are some mushrooms, one of which a man plucks.
a person picking mushrooms from a tree with a music on the background.
someone is looking a video of mushroom and someone is picking it.
a video showing the variety and nutritional value of mushrooms.
some mushrooms stuck to a tree and growing quickly.
mushrooms contains high nutrients, which are produced in cold temperature.
mushrooms growing on a tree, and a hand picking a mushroom
a beautiful video of chinese black mushroom growing and the later being plucked upon by someone.
a large building and some trees around it,the veiw is from the sky.
a news helicopter view of a festival that appears fairly small
a helicopter flying over or that seems to be a super market, as the filming is for some communication organ
some sheds being presented from above very slowly
a view from the sky of some small buildings like tents
an aerial view of a crime scene for a news segment.
the aerial view of a place with many buildings and vehicles surrounded by trees.
part of the report - shooting from above a small settlement in a forest area
a view from sky of a city
image shown on the helicopter.
mickey doing a presentation.
a superhero is inviting others to join with them and play
the character with red dress is jumping ,talking and dancing.
mickey mouse jumps around energetically in what he calls the clubhouse of the disney characters.
the famous mickey mouse invite the children to play with him a game
visual for cortnoons, its speaking to english and walking
mickey mouse is the main character of the video. he is shown while jumping on a colourful floor. he is wearing red pants, yellow shoes and a pair of green glasses on his head.
scene from mickey mouse clubhouse. mickey and his friends talk about how they are pretending to be superheroes.
mickey mouse with red pants is talking in the colourful room.
mickey mouse offering us  to plays a game with him.
a man in t-shirt and wearing glass swimming in a ocean telling the distance of reaching destination
a men swimming the sea and explain something
he's explaining what he did on his dive.
a boy is in the ocean water explaning something.
a person is explaining about something while swimming
a man with a swimming suit is talking
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a man is floating in the ocean. he is wearing swimming goggles.
a man wearing swim suit and swimming glasses is speaking in the water
a person explain something in the ocean in front of camera
a scene from a john wick movie where john is chasing the bad guy in a dark club. the narrator is making a reference if there is a connection between john wick and batman.
a man with a gun chasing someone through a crowded club.
the man wearing a suit and pointing a gun, ran through the crowed club after the man.
there is a guy talking about batman and watching the video.
a man is chasing a person through a crowded club. the man has a gun drawn and as party goers realize they begin to panic and run away.
john wick trailer plays and narrator asks if john wick is connected to batman.
a scene for john wick is shown with a man with a drawn gun running in a club while the announcer says there may be a connection between john wick and batman.
is the world of john wic connectedt to batman?, voiceover as keenau
a man wearing a black suit jacket runs through a crowded dance floor pointing a silver gun.
it looks like entertainment news the person is talking about a john wick movie.
in this video we can see lay's chips with different flavours
food expert places various odd ingredients into a chips bag.
one person adds ingredients inside a bag of french fries
various ingredients are added to bags of chips.
a  person adds  fried chicken,cheese, fried bacon,fried onion,sausage,cilantro and eggs into various bags of lay's magapaka snacks.
there is a bag of chips and someone is putting lots of different ingredients inside the bag.
ingredients are being added to several different bags of potato chips.
someone is using a lays bag and putting various ingredients in it, including eggs, chicken,bacon,cheese and more. the bag changes 3 times, so im assuming they used different flavored chips.
someone is using potato chips to make recipes, adding other ingredients inside the package.
music is played while people add ingredients to a bag of chips.
a squirrel is soil the crater drilling is continously
a squirrel  is digging in the ground with teeth
a little squirrel is digging on the ground with a lot of leaves all over the place.
a large squirrel is digging the earth and searching for something
a brown hamster is digging for food while being described by a voiceover
a squirrel is digging in the ground under the leaves.
a grey squirrel digging in the soil with autumn leaves around it.
a small brown squirrel trying to dig out something from the sand and some dry leaves in the background with bokeh effect.
a beautiful squerrel searching something in the soil
a squirrel in a park is making a hole looking for something
a person in white shirt and a small black mic fitted near collar speaking and some texts appearing on the left.
a man explaining his experience from a college during a tv show.
a caucasian man with black hair, wearing a white shirt and with a clip-on microphone sits on a white sofa while being interviewed.
a person talking about self confidence speech in front of audience
a person with white shirt is talking speedy
a white shirt man sitting in a chair and a speaking
a person wearing a white shirt is talking in an interview.
a person attend the meeting and he will speaking
a person is searing on the chair in front of the table with mic on is talking.
a guy with white shirt sitting in a chair is talking to the audience.
the title of blue wilderness in blue colour with the logo of mountain and whale.
the opening scene from a nature show titled 'blue wilderness' features the show's logo and an animated shark.
the begining of an episode of blue wilderness which ahs clip art of a shark and a reef.
opening credit graphics for a show about sharks in the ocean.
blue wild shark swimming in the big ocean.
animated words with a fish are getting displayed in dark background
some title words appearing in slow motion with shark logo in the deep sea water background
title credits appears for a show named blue wilderness with a shark on it.
blue wilderness is a nice reality tv show for adults.
a show titled blue wilderness is about to begin.
showing a species of bird.
a yellow beaked bird is standing on a branch looking around.
a female bird sitting on the branch of the tree
a pretty big is in a tree on a stem
in the forest a colourful female bird is sitting on a tree and expecting her male bird with sweet voice
colorful female bird sitting on a branch chirping very quickly.
a colorful bird looks around while perched on a limb. the text at the bottom indicates the multi-colored bird is female.
a colorful bird id sitting on tree branch looking for something
a green and yellow female bird is sitting on a tree branch.
a female parrot is watching her surroundings from tree.
a man talking about an old monumental embroidery.
two mens are walking into the room
two guys with suits on are walking inside the building together.
two persons are speaking about the vaticano and shows the top ceiling of the building
two men walking on their backs wearing a suit and one of them has black hair and the other is blond and wears glasses then a painting with various colors appears
two men in black coat suit is walking by the side of the art work on the wall
two men wearing suit are walking beside the gallery walls
the two persons with black are walking inside a museum.
two well dressed guys talking about the painting on the ceiling
two persons are going to speak
a united airlines plan is first seen docked before being shown in the air.
an airport showing several united airplane parked.
united planes are shown and their is text explaining policy changes.
animated words are getting displayed in front of an aeroplane
a news clip of united airlines depicting the excessive use of law enforcement to remove passengers for their seats.
the airplanes are remaining in the aerodrome and new protocols are being displayed.
the airplane flying in the sky landing in the ground
united airlines' new customer policies re displayed graphically over scenes of its fleet at various airports.
large white aircraft are shown as graphics run across the bottom of the screen.
announcement by the airline company united airlines, in the announcement some planes appear.
a band singing in the late afternoon sunset
a band plays music in a video clip, a person puts his hand on a frosted glass door. a couple sleeps together in bed.
a lady is sleeping with her dog on the bed. a man is singing a song.
a video clip of a band playing and singing and making two sleeping people and a bed.
a girl sleeping  in the bed and other persons are singing in the balcony
a woman is sleeping in her room he sing a song
a musical video showing a band playing outside and a woman lying on a bed.
one man singing a song with his beautiful voice
a boy is singing others playing a band.
a band is playing music while various scenes flash by and the singer is singing into a microphone on a stand.
a suffering indian girl in a yellow dress is sitting near a low wall
the lady thirsty for her.
scene from a soap opera where there is a woman who is having labor.
the pregnant lady is on labour pain and seeking help
there is a woman in yellow dress  and she is in trouble
a pregnant indian  woman is feeling distressed
the pregnant lady is feeling tensed and asking for help.
an indian woman reacts in shock by feeling her stomach and face
a lady seems to be struggling with some health issues
a girl with yellow dress is going into labour and sitting on the floor.
cut some different colours plastic to wrap around the small light bulbs.
cutting different colored straws using scissor and inserting led lights in it.
a women making a craft with bulbs with different colors
someone is inserting color tubes in wire and while giving power it illuminates
someone is making colourful lights for decoration by placing coloured bulbs on an electric cable.
some one is making a hand craft art
this is the hand craft to show the person inteligence
the people joining the plastic pipe to form a color fill light.
there is someone do creativity with light and plastic tube
a person cuts different color straws to fixed on the plain serial bulb and made it glow colorful.
dark room with the window closed with rain and thunder outside.
its an animation movie and you can see rain drops falling at the window in the bedroom.
we can see raining outside through glass from his window
cartoon images of a bedroom with a window through which it is raining
night raining and one study lamp is on in room.
bed with blue sheets and wooden headboard against a blue wallpaper with clouds is facing a window showing the rain pouring across the glass at night.
the rain pounded down relentlessly, blowing sideways from the strength of the wind
in a room with a white window closed, theres a storm with lightning outside.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a red table lamp placed in window and raining outside water flowing on window glass
the young girl, dressed in a blue shirt and a pink towel on her head, asks her brother a question.  the girl, with the pink towel on her head, is cutting the butter with a knife.
a young girl makes something to eat for her little brother.
a little girl is playing with her brother.
a kid cooking for two other children
there is a girl with a pink hat who is talking to a guy with blonde hair.
three children are in a kitchen, planning to make desserts.
a girl in a blue shirt and pink turban asks a blonde haired boy about his food choice as she prepares his food.
a girl asks a boy is he wants butter or jam and he says he wants extra butter.
a girl asks a small boy what he wants on his sandwich.
the children try and eat a new dish that they made
an old man character in cartoon clip looks  angey
a cheese in plate touching a man and talking to him.
spongebob cartoon with squid mollusk talking on a restaurant table
sponge bob and squiward is talking and squid is mad at sponge bob always.
squidward and spongebob sit at two tables talking to each other.
two characters talking in the middle of the classroom
spongebob pokes and disturbs squidward while in class.
borderline obsessive and clingy scene from spongebob with two people
bob spounge talks to squid clam during a class while the teacher talks.
two friends are sitting in chairs and one friend touches another and speak to him loudly.
three boys with different colour dress is dancing and enjoying
three males dance to hip-hop music inside of a studio with hardwood floors and purple walls.
a music video featuring 3 young men set inside a purple room.
a group of three men are dancing to a song in a dance studio.
three guys are dancing in a specific room to dance
three dancers performing or practicing on a dancing platform.
a group of people are in a dance studio dancing.
the men dancing in studio to r&b music.
three dancers in a studio perform their routine to an upbeat pop song.
three people do a choreography of a song
presentation of a band with close-ups on the singer, guitarist and drummer
guy on stage is holding a mic and singing song while others playing guitat.
the lead singer is singing and is a drummer and guitarist
there is a rock band playing a song up on a stage with flashing lights.
a person sing the song and another person play with drums and guitar in stadium
a man is singing in a concert with a loud of drums.
a male band performs on a stage for the audience.
a singer sing the song in the program
a pop singer singing a song
on the stage, one persong sing a song and other persons playing instuments.
the exo bar cup recycle and good decoration things
cutting a orange plastic box with a pair of scissors
cutting apart a small orange plastic container as part of a project.
a set of hands is using blue scissors to cut an orange top.
there is no need to throw everything we do not see in the trash, we can think about the planet and reuse many things like plastic
a person is making something useful from a orange plastic bowl in a very interesting way
tutorial showing how to make a piece of something.
somebody is cutting a small plastic box with scissors.
some one is making a hand craft art with orange cup on table
a person is cutting a red colored box with scissors.
two cartoon character dancing close to each other.
animated children dancing next to a large group of assorted socks.
colorful socks are dancing with cute little kids.
two animated cartoons singing alongside some moving shocks
two kids playing in their room next to sweet socks
cartoon of happy dancing children
two cartoon children, a boy and a girl and some socks on a bed are dancing in a bedroom.
two animated figures are dancing with singing nursery rhymes.
two cartoon children are dancing to music and many pairs of socks are dancing on a bed.
cartoon clip showing a charcter dancing to the tune
two male charaters hanging upside down in what looks like a pirate movie
two men upside down for their punishment
two men tied in rope upside down where speaking to each other.
film is pirate of the caribbean, and two characters are upside down
two men talking after being caught in a trap that trapped them
the two men were inverted and conversing with each other
two men are turned upside down and are talking to a third man also upside down.
two men turned upside down talking to themselves.
two people hanging upside down and others watching them
pirates was arrested the kings of another land when they crossed pirates ship
the black car was going on the road for racing
black car on a high speed track
a black car driving fast around a racing track.
a black race car crosses 62miles in 2.4 minutes as a record break . a man demonstrates it.
a black sports car is driving down a black track with a red and white barrier.
a person ride the car fastly in front of camera
a black car running very high speed
a male is racing in a car race traveling 62 miles per hour.
it looking an ad of a car where they describing its speed
a black lamborghini is speeding around a race track during the day
a man gets into a blue sports car with red seats
grey car is shown. man opens the door, pops the hood open, then sits into the car.
a man is filming his sports car and gets in
this blue coloured car is so fantastic and the owner of the car is open the car door and sit
a man gets into his sports car
a person opened a car door and enter into it
a man is opening the door of the car
a man opens the car door and injects the key inside and getting ready for a ride.
a person entering in his nice blue sport car
there is a blue car in an empty parking lot and the person opens the door.
presentation of some gadget - new smartphone
a person checking the mobile
a pair of dark-skinned hands are instructing on the use of a smart phone.
there is a man swipe over the mobile phone screen
a person is operating a black mobile
a man giving demo how to set location detail in a phone app.
a man is describing how to use an applications for android smartphones
the tutorial of something in the phone is explained by a person.
a person demonstrates how to access an intended function on a smartphone.
an african american man giving instructions for a phone app.
a colorful plants grow suddenly with black soil, and it overflow too
different colors are flowing upwards from the bottom in the glass
it is a beautiful animation and it is like a magic to see on  the video
with techno music playing, a glass is shown with the liquid inside rising and changing in colour like a chemical reaction.
different colors are poping up from the bottom of a glass with liquid and a black chemical in it.
a glass vessel containing colors is showing colors
animated screen with a glass filled with different colour paint.
beautiful spread of different colours in a transparent water tank
colors emerging from a bottom of a bottle with water
some chemicals r under the water for a long time to work
a movie seen from a foreign movie.
he has come to give his friend some good advise.
room with golden objects including a huge mirror and a man and a woman are talking the man is wearing golden clothes and a scarf around his head and the woman is sitting in front of the mirror and the man puts his hand on his shoulder then another one appears man in the middle of two trees in a shirtless forest with a bow in his hand looking up and behind him has a house
two people talk in front of an ornate gold mirror.
a woman is sitting in front of a mirror talking to a man beside her
a man speaking to a woman in a foreign language.
a scene from a movie that takes place in a wilderness or wooded environment with people speaking chinese.
there are some men and they are talking to each
two people talk, one is sitting and the other standing, in what looks like a hindu temple.
a man wearing lungi and a white top with white turban on his head is confessing his love  to his  wife
a woman is showing how to make a heart cake and an ice cream is being rolled down.
someone is guiding how to make a cake
some one preparing delicious cake with toppings in the kitcchen
they are explained making a lovable ice cake
a heart shaped cake is made out of icecream.
the heart shaped cake maker is removed after making ice cake.
how to cook for cake to the youtube videos
a women making a red colured cake
a cake is being decorated with concentric heart shapes, then a tub of ice cream is being sliced in half with a large knife.
someone is making the cake with hearts and also trying to cut something.
a creature can be seen diving under the water line.
very agitated streams of water and an underwater view with clear green water.
a person seemingly sees a shark while swimming in the ocean then dives underwater.
the visuals of breathing inside the water with bubbles sound.
someone swims through water as bubbles from movement in the water crackles.
a white fish is swimming under the water.
a whale is breaching from above the water to below the water surface.
someone is swimming in a body of water near a whale.
someone is recording something like a shark or whale
a whale swims very close to a person in the ocean.
a man wearing a backwards baseball cap is in a gym and asking for help.
a man resting his neck on a mat in a gym asks for help and someone else offers him assistance.
a guy wearing a black hat asking for help.
a young man wearing a black baseball cap backwards is talking to someone off camera.
a guy looking in the camera having a conversation.
a young man lying on his stomach is asking for assistance with the project he is working on.
a man in a black cap, black shirt, and black gloves asks nearby people for help.
a man is talking to another man while looking at an object below him, and the other man responds quickly.
a man in a backwards baseball hat is laying down talking to someone off screen.
a man wearing a backwards hat leans on a black block and says he needs help while talking to the camera.
there is a black dog and white dog are walking on the grass
the dogs are walk on the mountain other dog sleep on the green grass
animated movie of two dogs in a forest
a black animated dog is roaming in the forest and searching for someone. the white dog follows the black dog.
one horse is going and it is followed by two dogs
two dog running and talking to each other
two dogs are walking in a camp with rocks.
2 dogs are looking for there lost friends as they walk in to the evening.
two white and brown dogs wander in nature.
an animated video of two dogs hiding high in the mountain.
there is countless number of black people dressed in white laying dead near water.
a person looks around at a group of people laying on the ground.
its a sea side view of her hose has shown under the hill
there are a lot dead people beside the river and on the grass.
a aerial  of the dead people near the waterbody.
a many people is death, all are death body assemble for place
aerial footage of many people dressed in white lying dead on the ground in the countryside
many farmers sleeping near the river and showing their small house
flying over the area with several bodies of people on the ground.
sky view of a flood area showing the dead bodies of human and animal.
a man driving his car and a lot of cars parked
a person leaving a parking lot while driving his car
someone is driving a car to the ground where vehicles are parked in rows.
person maneuvering his car to get out of parking
a female is driving in a parking lot trying to find a parking space.
a person is driving a car on the road
one guy is driving black colour car very slowly
a male steering an automobile
a man is trying to park his car on a parking lot.
a boy with wrist chain in his hand is driving a car slowly
a young woman in a yellow shirt speaks to a man.
a young lady with brown curly hair speaking to a man in suit, both are seated facing each other
a woman speaks to a man in chinese language.
a woman in a yellow shirt is seated and speaks to the camera.
a beautiful girl explaining something serious with her friend
there is a woman who is speaking in korean and then a man looks confused.
a beautiful asian woman in a yellow blouse.
asian woman in yellow dress is talking to her romantic interest.
a young asian woman in yellow clothes talks to a young man.
there is a couple and the girl wore a yellow dress and the boy wore a cream coat and both of them are having a conversation
man with plaid shirt, comments on some product
a man in red,white and black checked button down shirt talking.
guy in a plaid shirt with a camera says something on the background of the big screen and the wall with large photographs
a person is just talking to someone in a media room
a man in a plaid shirt is talking at the camera and moving his arm around.
the man commenting where he is in the photo studio.
a white man is talking about something and he is bent down
person is talking about the his performance of the work
a man wearing multicoloured checked long sleeve shirt with uncombed hairstyle is explaining something to the audience
there's a person who is looking at a picture and waving his hands.
a woman demonstrating some nail polish on a small white material.
a women is coloring with the help of a nailpaint.
there is a women coloring a substance
a lady with pink nail vanish on is painting the pink blob with the transparent nail vanish.
woman with red painted nail uses enamel to paint object.
woman is constructing a nail piece by applying paint to it.
a woman is painting with the help of a nail polish
a lady coating a paper with  red color with a small brush.
a woman with red nail polish pours liquid onto an object
a woman is painting an object with nail polish on a blue table
a man and women anchoring a news show in a tv channel.
news reporters reporting in on the news. a school bus flipped over on the road, is shown.
a news channel giving a news about car accident
a man and a woman news commentators tell about a school bus crash on breaking news.
a man and women giving the news on television about a school bus crash.
two new anchors reading a news about a school bus crash.
a man is a woman anchors on a tv news program announcing a bus crash.
two news reporters, doing a breaking news segment about a school bus crash.
two journalists announce the news of a bus accident
there are two people talking about the news and switching the camera
beautifully designed glass windowed office with aesthetic furnishing.
large house with environment and light furniture being shown with a music being reproduced to the background
advertising of a modern refrigerator in harmony with the furniture of a home.
extremely clean and bright house, with a large television in the background.
a great looking hall with all kind of equipments in the hall.
a large silver fancy fridge displayed in the open plan living room dining room place.
a gray refrigerator is shown inside a kitchen
a fridge is displaying and gradually sofa and led tv along with kitchen displaying
design of a beautiful white kitchen with large windows
there is a picture of a room that is model home
dance class with women on stage and others on the floor.
a bunch of people dance together behind a fanta dance stage
a group of dancers perform on a stage as others follow them.
five girls in fanta dance stage teaching steps to the audience
a live dance/fitness class using latin music.
a group of people follow the lead of a high energy group of dancers
a group of women in tank tops are dancing on a stage.
five girls dancing on the stage as the crowd follows their lead
a group of fitness instructors are leading an exercise dance class from a stage.
this is a video of fanta and a few women dancing on stage.
a man is talking while working under the hood of a vehicle.
a mechanic is working with his tools on some circuits.
a male mechanical engineer working on a car engine
i will show you how to turne up your engine and save money at the same time.
a man wearing a hat is working on a car.
a man in a black shirt and yellow gloves is repairing a car engine.
a man in a black shirt repairs a car.
this guy is wearing a brown hat and glasses is underneath the hood of a vehicle speaking about it.
a guy is fixing his car on a video.
a mechanic points at an engine wearing white gloves explaining things.
a very young girl in black gown performing as maestro
a composer is about to start a performance.
a video of a woman playing music with  more people.
a young woman wearing a sequined dress conducts an orchestra.
a conductor of a musical group uses a baton and uses large arm movements to lead the band into starting to play a musical number.
a girl in a sparkly black dress is conducting an orchestra.
a woman in a black dress begins to conduct an orchestra.
a maestro in a black dress stands before a crowd and moves her baton in her right hand.
a orchestra conductor begins a performance with her orchestra in an auditorium.
there is a lady in a black dress who is ready to conduct a band.
the lady is doing a diy project of making a pink bow.
tutorial on how to make a pink bow with gold
the video is about a women showing how to prepare a bow and the bow is in pink color
a woman shows how to make a handcrafted pink thing with a bowtie.
tutorial for making some kind of fashion accessory
a woman with jeweled fingernails makes a pink net craft bow
a woman is tinkering a pink fly on a desk with an orange lighter on it.
a woman fluffs a bow that she just created in a diy instruction set.
a woman crafting a pink bow.
a women teaching how to make a head bow for kids.
a woman is singing song and off the candle light
a woman sits ona gold chair, at a table that is filled with pancakes with candles in them. she is singing and there are many pink balloons behind her.
lady  singing a song as a birthday celebration scene
white woman with pink hair sitting on a golden chair and in front of her a pink table full of pancakes around several pink balloons
a girl celebrate the birthday party
the lady sings an english song with piles of pancakes in front of her.
a lady with pink hair with there's a big stack of pancakes in front of her with a pink candle in the center.
someone is watching a music video with a girl singing.
a beautiful lady is singing and blowing the candle.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
a song playing in a musical video of cats
various types of cats such as black,white and bay cats looking inocently towords the camera
someone is watching a video of cats singing.
several cats with singing and subtitle song lyrics.
a black cat with a necklace with the dollar symbol, then a gray cat and then kittens
black and white cat seeing the kitten cat
the video shows some cats, first a black cat wearing a gold necklace with a $ pendant, second a light beige cat and third three spotted cats.
several kittens appear in the video and then a thin voice sings a song
different cats are sitting in a room and looking up something.
the cats are given different type of poses
a person wearing a helmet starts a mini motorcycle in the street.
a man in helmet starting his tiny racing scooter and a white car passing near by.
a big guy gets on his very very little motorbike
a man is trying to start a small toy bike and a white car passes by the man
man is wearing a helmet and standing on the street trying to start a kid-sized motorcycle
boy with helmet trying to start a mini motorcycle
a man with a helmet on his head connecting a motorcycle miniature
a man in a suburban road turns on the engine of a motorcycle for kids.
a man starting up a very small motorcycle.
a man in a helmet tries to ride a white mini motorcycle on a street
a black shirt man explain something
white man with small microphone giving a lecture.
a guy in black shirt with mic in his ear speaking on stage.
the black shirt man is speech in smile.
a man in a black shirt talking in front of an audience
the person speaking in another person
he perfectly tell about the speaking and the languages and tolds about how we take conciousness while they speak
a man wearing black shirt is speak in mike
a white man in black shirt speaking very loudly  with action
a perosn is speaking in english and gives motivation to the other
there are many people on the stage supporting donald trump in the election campaign
news report with the results of us election with trump and his victory
some one is introducing people on the stage and others on the stage are clapping
trump pence video is playing . someone is speaking on stage .
president trump is giving a speech on stage surrounded by many other people in front of a large crowd.
a great politics stage been showed with lot of people in the stage.
a group of allegedly tremendously talented people are celebrated by a portion of the american election community.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
trump pence make america great again during the us elections
a group of people is standing on the stage and the crowd is cheering for them.
a jazz soul band with numerous singers gives a show on a fancy stage
man performs shouting sounds on stage as part of a live performance of a song.
a musical band wearing red glittering jackets and white gloves sing in falsetto.
a musical team singing a song on the stage
a band is playing at the beat of san diego stage
the band group with red dress is singing a song and playing instruments.
a musical band performing for the public.
a group of musicians in red jacket's are playing music and singing on a stage.
a team of orchestra playing instruments and one person is singing.
is a music concert and the four band men have the same red jacket
a picture of real fish and an animated  fish and female keeps explaining about it in the background
research the shark body movement under the sea water
a fish fins and swim in water
commenting on a species of shark.
a shark is swimming through a very black looking ocean.
in video they are showing shark in sea and giving knowledge about it
a shark is in the in the sea and they are analyse the singular.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a gray white shark swims in a ocean with a woman voice over in background.
fish is moving around slowly in this cartoon clip
two robots are walking and talking with each other and visuals of space are seen.
two robots one golden and one white are walking and talking, lot of jet planes are moving around the planet and a man is seating in the news room.
a golden robot from star wars is walking in the spaceship with other silver robot.
a golden humanoid robot is walking with a smaller spherical robot.
it is scene from star war movie between robot and ai
two droids are walking on board of a spaceship in a galaxy far, far away.
two robots are walking side by side and space ships are moving
in this video we can see c3po speaking with r2d2
there are two robot in this video and they both are waking together and speaking
two robots are walking in space ship and many rockets are passing around it
two persons wearing black dresses and both of them wearing glasses and playing violin.
two asian guys are learning how to play violin
two boys teaching and playing the violin together.
2 men get excited while playing violin
two asian guys with glasses play the violin
2 boys with eyesight glasses are trying to make a new tune with the help of violin and one boy has  made a new tune so he's is telling in a very happy mood about his struggle
two boys showing how to play the violin.
two musicians are talking about what they are going to play on their violins.
two people are playing violins when one makes a noise  the other player describes as uncomfortable.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a cute white mannequin dressed in an orange jacket and black pants
it seems to be a clothing product advertisement
a mannequin is displaying an orange sports jacket while a man talks about it.
dummy featuring an orange hooded top with a specific design for runners.
the orange jacket is displayed and the person is talking about it.
an orange shirt rotating slowly
an orange jacket is described
this is a jacket specific for trail running. its color is orange.
an orange color jacket is being displayed onscreen and someone is talking about it.
an orange hooded jacket rotates while a man describes it.
soundcloud user is demonstrating his most common interface habits.
in this video we can see a boy making a stream about music
a man is explaining something on the computer within a screenshot of soundcloud.
a man is explaining how to get in contact with an artist through email and twitter.
a video of a young man looking at something on the soundcloud website.
a man is talking about email and twitter accounts.
this guy sitting at his desk office setting, looking at his computer.  he's recording himself, giving useful information to people who are interested in his channel.
songs making and another important error share this one and good for all.
a content creator discusses a soundcloud profile that he seems to not approve of.
a boy sitting infront of the computer
deathstar exploding in thousands of pieces in the void of space.
a moon in the middle of the universe explodes in many particles
a blast has been occurred in a galaxy planet and planet has been scattered to stars like material
a big burst occurs from a ball like planet in the solar system and a ring occurs then disappears which insists some creativity.
scene from star wars of the death star exploding.
a space station explodes in a vertical ring and shower of sparkles.
something exploding in space with orange and white colors releasing a bright arc with fragile dots looking like fog
an explosion of what appears to be meteorites that look like rocks
a planet like object in space is being exploded in to white dots.
a small ball shaped structure burst in to tiny glitter particles and spread all over.
man in grey sweatshirt straddling a green motorcycle.
a guy is talking in a foreign language, about a yellow motorcycle, then gets on it.
a tall man tries to sell  cool green bike
a man in a grey shirt talks about a green motorcycle.
a man stands near a motorcycle and then gets on it.
a man in a long sleeved gray shirt stands behind a bright green racing motorcycle and then gets on the motorcycle.
a european review of a black and green cycle on a beach.
a man is demonstrating his green smart motorcycle along an ocean
a tall white man giving features of a power bike
a man standing in front of water talks about a green motorcycle and starts to mount it.
part of a movie where a lady is looking at a man in his eyes
there is a woman who is looking at a man and then walks away.
an asian woman in white coat and black hair tucked in the back is looking romantically at his lover with a tree decorated with lights in the background
music is going on and girl is lookin at boy
an oriental woman listening to something and then leaving the place.
a lady with white dressing look very emotionally to the opposite man
asian couple experience tension in their relationship. the face of the woman is shown.
in a lighting garden,a girl with white top is looking at the guy  for a moment and going away.
man and woman stare at moments before she walks out
a cute girl in white dress listening to a man standing in front of her
scene from a movie where a boy and a girl are getting on the bus.
a girl walks near a yellow bus, and a boy walks up behind her to talk to her.
girl is ready for a tour to see the nature
a boy in a red plaid blouse talking to a girl with bangs next to a yellow school bus
a boy tries to talk to a girl while she ignores and takes off.
a girl going to bus and a boy following to her and asking something
a boy wearing t-shirt checked overcoat and jeans is following his lover, a beautiful girl with long hair and is delighted to know that she is going to travel with him in the samebus
there is a bus and a couple is walking beside the bus and the girl says to the boy it was nice meeting you
a teen couple is talking in front of a yellow bus
a woman and a man stand and talk next to a schoolbus as she gets on the bus.
there is a white male sitting in the photo and a girl standing talking to him.
a man speaks to a woman, and the woman responds.
a young man with short blonde hair is talking to a lady wearing a black shirt.
a movie of a blonde actor who appears to be angry or scared.
the two people are standing together in the large room.
a blonde man accuses a woman named katniss.
a young man is asking a young woman about another persons comments.
young blond goy with scratch above left eyebrow talking to a girl
an angry blonde boy speaking to a girl.
a  confused looking guy and a girl with a long braid in her hair in a doctor's office having a conversation about a girl.
a person with black color shirt is citting gray papper sheet
a person holds and moves a large paper on a floor.
some one doing some work using card board
the person is installing something on the floor and explaining it.
a video of a song of a guy hugging a lady while another lady is surprising with the action
a man setting mat on floor of room
flouring paper has corrctly cut and finished to paste it
a man is instaling some sort of floor sticker.
a man is showin how to cut a mat with knife
in a roll of paper,a guy is drawing the line to cut it.
a blonde haired girl wearing a white t-shirt, holding up a pair of black shoes.
a women with a white shirt on showing her gucci shoes.
a girl with white tshirt and she is hand in footwear sandals
a girl feeling sad for his footwear
a woman talking about a worst purchase. her worst purchase are a pair of black dress shoes.
a beautiful girl in white dress sitting in her room is telling that she is sad about her purchase of shoes as she didn't liked them at all.
a girl sitting on the bedroom explain the slippers
a girl is talking about her sandals.
girl in the bedroom sitting on the bed messes with her hair while talking and shows a pair of sandals hanging from her hands
a woman is in a bedroom and holds up a pair of shoes.
a red dress lady seeing outside from her window
a song is playing with visuals of a woman
a woman is peeping out from her window
a lady watching something on the glass door
the person is talking over the phone and looking outside the window.
the black man was watching the photos of her family rememberence
black woman watches the street from her window after talking on the phone
a black lady in red was on the phone then sat on the chair looking out of the window.
an old women calling with her mobile phone and show a photo of she and her husband
in video a lady sitting near a window and thinking something
there is a person with glasses who is watching a show on cartoon network.
screen divided in two, where a blond man is watching on one side and an animated drawing on the other
a guy watching cartoon clip and saying something
a redheaded kid with thick black glasses watches a show
a man watching an episode of a cartoon that appears in the corner of the screen
a guy wearing spectacles is watching and reviewing the voice and actions done by the cartoon characters in the screen.
a man watching non-sound television so,he use headphones to hear the sound
man watching cartoon and giving reaction on it
a cartoon in the inset is being watched by a young man with spectacles and sitting in the room.
the man shows the video of pant and its geometry.
very  awesome dance step and group dance is super
ballet dancer takes the initiative to deliver some rehearsed highlight moves on stage.
group of dancers perform during a show, and one of them stands out with his white and black clothes
this is one of the dance program.  so the contestant are extreme performance.
some people are dancing on the floor of the stage .
we can see a very synchronized male ballet performance
a group of several ballet dancers performing on a stage
there are many men dressed in tights and two woman in pink dresses dancing the ballet. there is one main man dancing around the stage and jumping in the air.
some dancers are dancing on the stage
a male dancer in black and white clothes, dances and skips around the stage while others make other movements
a boxer in green outfit just defeated the one in white and won.
the end of a traditional wrestling game with both players taking their gears and the referee announcing the winner to the public
a man shows another man who won the game.
the two boys are hand shaking when refrie announce the winner of the game
we are in a wrestling game. the player wearing the dark gray jersey won the party
it seems that is a video about a fight and the boy with green pants has won
the block dress men is winner of the game
the referee is declaring the winner by raising his hand
a wrestling match just ended with the guy in green winning.
referee announces guy wearing a black dress as winner after a wrestling match
man in a black sweater displays a large battery.
black color dress a person explain the box
man in black sweater talking about a large battery, for robots?
a man in black dress is talking about a black led battery
there is a man showing some kind of a robot
a man in black showcases a lead acid battery.
a man explaining a battery power feature.
a man describes a potential use case of a lead acid battery.
a person in a black suit is demonstrating an equipment in a black box.
men dressed in black show a product, a battery as he's explaining en which cas you can use it, we only see the upper boyd until the top torso and the hands with product on the right
people are marching on the playground with a large audience.
a military formation is marching across the streets, filmed from a distance.
army mans take practice  to proper moving forward.
a fantastic formal march past by troops on a street with people watching them with excitement
a funeral walk of a group of soldier
soldiers are parading outside on some special occasion
a military contingent is marching on the road and the bystanders are watching the parade.
big military parade in the streets, with audience on the sides.
army is making parade on the ground
the soliders were in the pared for welcoming the chief guest
a man whos face is not shown works on two green batterys with a power inverter attached.
a technical guy explaining the working of a battery
a man is talking about an inverter and holding onto some wires.
a man is explaining batteries while holding chords connected to two batteries.
a man wearing black t-shirt with a design of green and white in the front is explaining how to connect two green batteries of car.
a person red and black color weiyar fitting the green color tow battery
a man explaining about some electrical equipment with a red and black wire
shows installation and positive negative points.
a man dressed in a black t-shirt explains about electrical wires from two green boxes.
a person explain about how to connect the power bank
a large group of people are walking through a street with yellow and green flags and a firearm.
showing the type of manifestation.
many people are involved in protests.
so many peoples are walking and doing march to protest against something
crowd of peoples are participating in protest with yellow flag.
many people are walking on the road and one man is shooting gun
lot a person walking the street and media cover the walking person
a large group is walking forward; many of the people in the large group are carrying yellow flags and some are carrying guns.
some people are holding flags in some people gathering or some people's protest
many peoples walking in the street with flags and some people with camera records the movement
featuring very beautiful red colored high heel shoes
this an advertisment for womens
woman looking at herself in the mirror wearing bright red heels.
a woman showing her high heel in multiple angles
how to walk with the high heals and how it look on beautiful legs.
a woman is checking out her patent leather red shoes from all sides in a mirror.
a woman is wearing red shoes and talking about them
a girl is showing off her red heels and telling about her shoes.
a video featuring a close-up view of person wearing red high heel shoes on a white carpet in front of a mirror.
a lady with white legs wearing high-heels and looks in to the mirror.
a basketball player takes a pass and misses a dunk right next to the hoop.
there are basketball players trying to make a basket
at a basketball game, the team in white fails a slam dunk.
the players are playing basket ball in stadium
there are group of people playing basketball
basketball game in which a player in white tried to score
a player with white track suit tried to put his ball in the basket but failed.
the team in white miss a goal while playing basketball with a team in yellow
there is play ground and play with a so many people
they are all playing, and other persons are watch the play.
people walking in a mall with an escalator with people going up and down and a photo of a black man highlighted
people are going up and down in an escalator of a shopping mall.
plaza environment is shown, with visitors strolling around.
a young black man who is in the need of help, which his mom tried to get for him.
a shopping mall is shown with an escalator and a man in a white shirt appears on the screen.
number of people are roaming around in shopping mall
in a mall, peoples are walking leisurely, one person was described in monitor.
its a mall where many people are moving here and there,elevators are working.
a man in white appears on screen in the middle of a mall.
a news report about a black man and the setting of a shopping centre.
a song is there in a video about love
colorful and meaning full quotes appearing in animated lines
a lyric video for a maroon 5 song.
the lyrics of the song are displayed with some special efffects.
a display with lots of flowers with song lyrics on it.
a video showing the lyrics of a song playing in the background
lyrics are showing with playing song with flower background
lyrics to a song flash on screen accompanied by floral motifs.
music clip for a band.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a female writhes in pain while her male companion tears at the walls looking for a way out in a tense scene.
a woman is seated while in agony in pain and a man breaks down a door shortly thereafter.
the lady was crying, and the man was save to the lady.
a woman with curly blonde hair cries while a man tries to break down the door.
it is a scene from some movie it is a very good scene
there is a threat of an attack outside a room , a woman is suffering
woman in zombie apocalypse attempts to give birth to an individual.
a man is breaking a door while a lady is crying
a woman is sitting scared while a man is ripping the walls around where she is hiding.
a woman sitting on the floor is screaming and another one is trying break open the room.
a woman is is singing on a stage.
a beautiful young woman singing with a microphone
a beautiful female is singing a song beautifully with a microphone in hand
a woman is singing a song in a very beautiful way.
a lady singing and smiling and turning side wards.
a woman with gray color hair singing a song by holding a mic in her hand.
a pretty girl in a spotted dress sings into a microphone on a talent tv show.
a young lady is on the stage sing in a singing in a contest.
a girl is singing a song in a talent show or similar
sentence 1 : a lady with white mix black dressing singing a song in a show
doctors and nurses talking and going to eat in the hospital cafeteria.
a woman and man with uniform serving dishes to customers.
two people in a hospital canteen buying their food the taking towards table.
one blue dressed man and one white coat dressed women talking in dining hall.
a clip from a tv show based in a hospital where a man and woman are talking in the cafeteria.
three doctors discussing about some patient in their dining area.
in restaurant a couple take food  with water on table and walk to going to eat and they speaking with each other
a male and a female doctor talking each other in busy hospital canteen.
trailer of a movie about doctors with a guy in a medical suit and a girl in a white doctorâ€™s coat
the doctors are taking the lunch and going to dining table
a video of animals grazing on a plain somewhere with music in the background and many animals in the distance.
an elk walking with a growth on his behind.
a small herd of large, horned animals graze on a grassland.
wildabeast walks around the heard
a wilderbeest is giving birth next to a group of wildersbeasts
the bufflow are going out to paster this afternoon.
a wild yak has another animal stuck on the rear portion of its body
a wild beast walking along and she is about to give birth to her hanging baby behind
a buffalo outside looking to carry its child.
in a grassy setting, you see a wildebeest walking while giving birth.
this is the scene from hollywood movie.
an older man in black talks passionately on screen.
elder man can not control his emotions, and demands strong, decisive action in an assertive temper.
an old man in black suit is shouting at someone.
an old, white man angrily discusses killing the viet cong.
a man speaking angrily in a movie urging people.
a man wearing white shirt with a black coat and necktie is getting angry and scolding his staff for their insincerity
an old man with black coat talks something and some names are published.
an old man talks very emotional about something as text is displayed shortly afterwards.
a very attractive trailer of a movie or a serie
a large number of people get out of a car and run toward the beach water
the man wearing light green shorts holds the door of a brown car open for fifteen people to get out and run toward the beach.
lots of boys get out of their car and look like they are off to the beach for a good time
someone is watching a video of some people running to the beach.
a bunch of teens or young adults jump out of a bus or van at the beach, carrying beach balls and a surfboard and dressed in swimwear.
a large number of teenagers exit a car at the beach.
young adults get out of the car and run towards the beach
ladies in their bikinis and men in their shorts coming out of the vehicle with their surfing board going on the beach
a bunch of people jump out of a car and head towards the beach for some fun.
a car is parked in front of the beach and about 20 very excited people get out of the car one by one with surfboards and beach toys and run towards the beach.
there are three guys singing and looking at the camrea.
split screen with three men singing in star wars costumes
steel cap man and three peoples were singing song above the mic
three white men singing like a tuned choir.
there are three persons who are singing in a chorus.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
three men are singing song in mouths
three persons of a music group are singing a song.
a split screen of three guys singing very loudly into microphones.
three man singing just showing the faces of them
a group of girls excising with music in the background
four girls perform a gymnastic routine to exercise.
four girls are exercising with lively music in the background. the girl in front in giving all the instructions.
girls showing how to do a dance sequence.
a group of women are doing a dance workout to music.
group of women practicing dance within a wide and empty room
four women dancing and describing their movements
four women in workout clothes are exercising to dance music in a studio with white walls and a wood floor.
girls try a dance in a lesson
a dance exercise routine being done by four women in matching outfits.
propaganda de canal no youtube de tutorial e artigos para viagens
a person requesting to like and subscribe his youtube channel connected with luggage sale
a you tuber showing luggage bags on screen and giving a conclusion and requesting to subscribe his channel.
a guy is talking about luggage of 2019.
an advertisement of a man talking about different types of luggage
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
presentation to a video on the best suitcases of 2019
images showing the top of suitcases for 2019 trip.
a man finishes talking about luggage and asks that viewers like and subscribe.
a video is ending after they explained the top luggage of 2019 and asking for likes and subscribes.
the man wearing a blue shirt and holding a black microphone tells a joke and makes spooky hand gesture.
a comedian dressed in blue tells his joke into a black microphone.
the man is standing on the stage talking into the microphone.
a comedian with a blue shirt holding a mic.
comedian does standup and canned audiance laughter as he makes a joke about l.a. and too many mexicans.
a comedian guy is telling jokes into a microphone in front of a crowd of laughing people.
a stand-up comic performs on stage as the audience laughs.
there is a guy in a blue gray shirt doing comedy on stage
a man is performing a comedy skit, while an audience laughs.
a person wearing blue shirt making standup comedy on the stage.
a woman in a black t-shirt is telling something about three different types of shoes.
a blonde woman dressed in black shows shoes to a camera
a female describing different pairs of shoes she has
the loved their cutshoes so enjoy with her shoes
a woman in black is talking about three pairs of heels.
a british woman showcases various pairs of shoes.
a lady making demo for specially made high-heels are different occasions.
a lady with black tshirt is talking about her life in shoes.
a blond woman with her hair up shows her shoe collection
a woman wearing a black t-shirt is describing her high heels. she is describing them in a very happy and jolly way.
there is a boy who shakes his head in the shadow of a dark street
a man with black shirt and short heir is sitting at the porch and speaking to someone at night
a person in black shirt is saying  something
scene from a movie.
a person in black colour dress saying something to someone
a person looks relaxed sitting in front of another person talking
a person with black dressing who sits in chair told to another person i am sorry
a young man in black coat is apologizing someone and saying sorry to him
a scene from a film or tv show which shows a character apologising.
a white man dressed in black apologizes
a man is abducted in a boat aground the water
in the first sneak peek a man tied to the table is shown, after the scene switches and a pirate vassel appears in the sea. at the very end, there is a pirate looking over
wind is whirling, a ship is sailing in the sea, a man with hat is standing in the forest
a pirates of the caribbean movie scene
a young man is sleeping on the bench and he is tied with rope
a man is remaining ties up in rope on the table in a moving ship with many masts.
blue lights followed by a shot of a ship sailing in the sea.
scene from a film where enjoy a ship with white sails at sea
a person eagerly saw a thrilling
a submerged man tied with ropes and a ship is also going to sea
a man in a field doing a documentary.
a man walks around a swamp and narrates it.
a guy walks along a mountain with grass and rocks covered.
a man walking outdoors on a hill near the source of a river.
a man walks through a swamp and stops to talk
a guy is talking in the grassland and telling to people about  the land
a man in brown clothes is walking along a small hillock
a man is standing in an ananymous spot and describing about the spot
a man walking forward from some field area
a man walks around the area where land is polluted with waste
a young woman dressed in black is being interviewed on the dr. phil show.
a beautiful girl in black dress is answering to the interviewer of the program.
a lady is discussing some matter with other person
an young lady with long hair wearing bead necklace is answering an interview beautifully.
doctor phil is talking to a young girl with long hair
a woman wearing a black coat and a silver necklace talks to the host on a show.
a person with long black hair is talking to dr. phil.
a women is talking to someone inside a room
a women in black blesar talking another person in the studio.
this is a clip of dr. phil show.
mother zirafi and her baby zirafi botha are running away
a giraffe and his young kin make a run for it.
a giraffe and its kid starts running fast.
an adult giraffe runs around the savannah while a baby giraffe does the same.
the two giraffe are running living in the forest
a big giraffe and a small giraffe are running together on the left side of the jungle.
an adult giraffe and its cub running through the savannah
the small giraffe managed to run like a big giraffe in a forest.
some wild animals hunting on the forest with a background score
giraffe and their offspring in a savannah habitat start to gallop away.
a man is guiding to sign up on twitch account
a man tells a story over a picture of a twitter feed.
a man explaine something with computer text
there is showing a screen and a person giving information about that site.
a picture of the twitter account of showing a blurry picture total no clue what that is.
i wouldn't consider it a video since it remains motionless
man with british accent gives instructions over screenshot of twitter page.
a screen recording video of twitter is playing
in some social media account some messages where shown
a tweet page is displaying some image is posted on that a twitter profile person wearing red dress
a fat man with a beard and a black cap.
a man is sitting down and speaking a foreign language.
a bearded man with sunglasses and hat is making a speech.
one man with black coloured goggle and ornaments is saying something
a seated man wearing dark glasses speaks on stage.
an interview is conducted in a non-english language; the person being interviewed mentions superman.
a man dressed in camouflage is saying something nonsensical, at least to the english language.
one person in miltery colour dress and wearing cap and specs telling about something
a man in black t-shirt with army design jacket and sporting a beard with sunglasses and an army cap is trying to explain about superman
a man with cap speaking about some interesting topic
a map of the united states and africa appears on a journalistic study screen
a persons friends family at nevada sends approximately $40k to him
there is a map of world show different parts
a person explain about the weather forecast in front of media
a map showing lines from different places in the us connecting to different places in africa
a tv show where a man is narrating a map
newscast shows several countries and flows between them while a man speaks in the background.
projection of international flights marked in blue between continents.
a weather map describing about the weather condition.
map depicting monetary exchange between us states and countries in africa.
a man with gray full sleeve shirt measuring a stick, marked and broke it
a contractor is measuring carpet by using a tape measure.
a man using a meter tape to measure and then cut a piece of curtain track
a man will measure the length of the product with a tape measure to crop
there is a person who is measuring something with a measuring tape.
a person is explaining how to make a transition channel for door opening.
a guy in a grey t-shirt uses the tape to measure the required size of a steel stick and breaks it down.
a person is measuring a wooden stick and broking it.
a man wearing khaki pant and grey full sleeves sweater is measuring a steel flat and trying to break it with his bare hands in his workshop with so many hand tools scattered
there is a guy measuring a piece of the floor and looking at it
a red and green shaded sea waves come again and again to sea shore.
showing animated color effect
a dark green fluid is breaking into a red smooth wave following the music of a female singer
a woman sings a song with a distorted image of ocean waves in the background.
a musical video with no image or human but waves.
looks like a sea,and waves are coming.
a sea with red water color flowing rashly
the singer is singing a song.
a woman sings while sea waves reach the beach in a look like negative photo.
a heavily filtered wave crashes on the shore in shades of red and green while a woman vocalizes in the background.
a clip of the dr. phil show, where dr. phil is speaking about a person named john crush.
dr phill is discussing about us back ground checks, and how they can give the wrong data and infoarmtion.
dr. phil is talking about a man named john robert crush.
there is a doctor phil guy who is going into detail about something
dr. phil is sitting in a chair in front of a blue screen with text talking about something.
dr. phil is on camera as he is talking to someone.
it was doctor phil talking about us background check 21 people names john crush.
dr phil on tv talking about background checks and john crush.
a man with a blue tie and black suit talks into a camera.
a man in a black suit speaks about a situation.
a group of children are walking on the beach toward the water.
kids are walking towards beach with a lot of people beside seaside under the blue sky.
kids walking on beach with their surfing board
some children are playing in a beach
there are lot of children playing in the beach and there is a boy with blue surfboard.
a handsome boy with blond hair wearing black t-shirt is following another boy in grey t-shirt and blue shorts who is carrying a surfboard in his left hand
children are walking on a beach as the sound of the waves is heard and one person says gorgeous
a blond boy is on the beach heading towards the sea
several children walk on a beach and approach the water.  one boy carries a boogie board.  an adult male mentions the beauty of the scene.
some children are enjoying at the beach and walking towards water.
a woman tells how this elephant can drink up to 60 gallons of water in one sitting.
a female animal trainer and her elephant on a field.
a lady in green meadow giving juice to the big elephant.
a woman is standing next to an elephant and explaining how they can drink up to 60 gallons of water.
a woman staning in front of an elephant while the elephant moves his trunk.
a woman with training and teaching a new trick to an elephant.
women telling us a elephant can drink up to 60 gallons of water in one setting.
a woman standing in front of an elephant and pointing at the juice for the elephant to drink.
a blonde woman is standing in front of an elephant and talking about the species.
woman explaining something to an elephant behind
the young lady performing a song at a program with public appearance.
mulatto woman with big earrings and shiny blouse then several people dancing with colorful light reflectors in the background, woman with black overcoat dancing and then walking on catwalk
a women dancing and singing a song
jenifer lopez is singing and dancing on the floor
jennifer lopez is singing and dancing whilst the video cuts to a night club
pop up song is singing by a lady on stage
the female is singing and the crowd is dancing.
a beautiful lady with long hair and a silver dangle in the ear is singing and entertaining a group of dancing people.
a gorgeous girl with long hairs is singing a song on the dance floor and every one is enjoying with her song
a lady on gold dress and gold hair singing in a musical video.
woman with oriental features dressed in pink shirt talking
a woman with salmon clothes talking
a girl in his pink top and straight colored hair explaining how our cv should look like.
back in time to the earliest professional job that you've ever help
a woman in apricot top explains how to do a cv properly.
an oriental woman with short black hair talking to the audience.
a young woman describes the things you need to include on a resume.
a young lady explaining some important topic in a room
a woman in a pinkish outfit is talking at the camera.
a lady is in a classroom explaining in a video
a quick recipe done using a cup of rotisserie chicken, 3 tablespoon bbq sauch, a handful of tortilla chips, cheese, onions etc
a person put on the bowl tomato ketchup potato chips with adding
bowl of chicken being mixed and then placed on chips with cheese and green onions.
a person keeping some food in the table
a tutorial how to make a very easy snake recipe
one person preparing some delicious snacks using five ingredients
preparation shown of a bbq chicken nachos dish.
a person is making a tasty food which is looking so delicious
tomato ketchup is added to a bowl of food which is then stirred
one person shows step by step a chicken and barbecue recipe.
a musician is saying something before she performs
a girl was describing abouit how to use guitar
a girl with pony tail and black top is talking about how to play violin.
a woman dressed in black holds a brown violin in her hand
a girl explains about the violin play
the girl explain the violin
the girl wearing black dress with violin in her hand is talking.
a women in black top is talking and holding a violin
an asian women in black is holding a violin explaining the importance of hearing it.
an asiatic young lady holding a violin is making a speech.
group of females are watching something in tv
a lot of peoples are watching tv in a room.
a group of people are wacthing the news in a waiting room.
nurses watch news on television worried about the victims of the events
scrub suited nurses and other people inside a waiting room watch an old time tv on a cart on the news is something about manhattan.
people at a hospital are watching 09/11 on the tv.
number of the girls watching a news on tv
health care workers with concerned demeanors watching a news report.
healthcare workers are watching a news story together regarding a disaster
many girls are watching television in television about some war shows
the effects of an earthquake are recorded by a webcamera.
footage of the devastating effects of an earthquake as filmed in a restaurant.
multiple gunshots into a building causing mayhem and disarray.
video of inside of a store while an earthquake is happening
an earthquake rattles a restaurant, causing glass to break and items to fall.
due to natural calamity glasses and things in room are breaking
a person stands in the middle of a ruined shop.
earthquake happens in an establishment while frightened people try to protect themselves.
the things in a house is shaking beacuse of huge wind
a building is shaking and items are falling down and being destroyed.
a woman viewing and talking about very large spiders.
the biggest spider i have ever seen on a man's leg and a close up.
a woman is talking about the picture of some insect is big as a man.
a woman showing pictures of and talking about two giant spiders
a picture shows giant spiders as a lady narrates their qualities.
this is a documentary about a pair of dog-sized spiders.
in an educational video, 2 pictures of humongous spiders are shown, and are described as being as big as a grown man's thigh, and look like they can take off your finger.
a picture of a man holding a giant spider the size of his thy.
there is a picture of an omg man that shows that is intersting
a woman's voice is describing very large,tan spider creatures.
a spider is crawling across a huge green leaf, casting a shadow on the leaf itself.
the shadow of a black spider walks on a leaf
silhouette of a spider walking through the leaves
a big black spider is crawling on the ceiling of a room with haunting music playing in the background
a spider is walking slowly on banana leaf.
a spider is walkin on a green leaf
a spider is moving across the wall and making sound
the shadow of a tarantula crawling on a leaf is shown, then the camera pans to a shot of the actual tarantula on top of the leaf.
a spiders shadow appears to be walking on a leaf and at the end you see the spider.
a shadow of a spider on a green leaf.
a person narrating a tissue on screen which is clear
the insect has white eyes.
so small but so important, beautiful content from the national geographic on the formation of bees
the development cycle of an insect during infant stages
voice over showing body tissue and explaining what is happening next in the scene shown.
a large brown color object inside it white color heart shape object
the tissue reorganization explained by a male voice showing the visual
a man describes whats happening as a heart of some sort appears to pump blood.
something transparent on a strange background
a man explains about the hatching process of an organism.
a man is speaking in the audio recording studio
there is a guy who was wearing earphones and telling something on a mick in the studio
a men with orange jocking  with microphone sing and try to save a song.
a man doing audio recording some topic.
a radio jockey wearing a red jacket is solely performing dubbing work in a audio studio with the audio system and computers surrounding him
a man with black headphones and orange blouse talks in a microphone
a large man in a red shirt with headphones speaks loudly into a radio studio type microphone.
a large man in a red shirt is talking into a microphone.
singing a song inside the song record room with hu singers
radio program with its presenter drawing the attention of his audience, a great job by a boy with charisma and irreverence
a person holds flowers encased in a clear structure.
beautiful rose flowers inside a glass which can be used for display
a glass made craft of some flowers is exhibited by a man.
a beautiful craft work making, very useful during lock down time pass.
some one watching beautiful gift wrapped with glass
the glass product of rose is good and to gift for her husbend.
two hands are seen holding a class rectangle with flowers inside of it.
view of some flowers in a transparent container
demonstrating how to in case flowers in a clear material for viewing.
a person talk to about given presentation in front of camera
opening scene of a video game game
on a game introduction as a sprinkling star moving from right side to left side of the screen with music.
game music starts and a large yellow star shoots left across the blue screen as its followed by a bunch of white mini stars. end with game freak on the screen.
a yellow star shot past then a message of game freak displayed.
a small yellow star crosses a blue space, leaving a golden trail.
a star crossing the screen from right to left showing the text game freak right after
there is blinking some stars with full of light and suddenly saw the name in capital letters.
an animated star shooting from the right of the screen to the left then appears the game freak name and logo.
a very atttractive and animated colorful word logo
a star passed first and a text appeared after it
a black singer from ghana singing some african music
a person singing on a microphone in the center and a forest in the background
a black man singing with a microphone in a forest.
rocky dawuni singing on top of a mountain.
an african man wearing dread locks singing a song into a microphone in an open field at sunset
a man is singing into a microphone; the man that is singing is black with dread locks and he is a good singer.
man singing in a mountainous area during a sunny day
man with dreads in his hair singing reggae in an open area with local vegetation.
a black man singing a calm reggae style song
singer with dreads singing in an open and sunny location
this intro is a fantastic opening to dragon ballz.an super hero is try to battle against the huge monster.
there are some clips from dragon ball z playing and there is some epic music in the background.
a cartoon character in white jumps high and punches the cape of a giant followed by a character who falls out of the sky.
an anime cartoon plays while rock music plays.
they are getting wild and fithging each other.
the animated figure is talking in the dragonball z clip.
a character kicks a man towards the earthy planet.
a bunch of characters are shown moving about as music plays in the background.
an intro to dragon ball z that is dated from 1999 to 2001.
someone is watching a cartoon video with lots of music.
video view to machine parts
a macing is dispensing some product
the working of a machine with is displayed with music in the background.
cartridges quickly move to the place of packaging along the conveyor belt
automatic machine creating something from it
the production on metal plating roll in the metal industry
machine for producing bullets for weapons in a factory
manufactured items are falling from a manufacturing unit
rifle ammunition in large-scale manufacture, in its entire automated production system
a metallic factory machine is manufacturing new components.
3 blue penguins dancing together with a song with nice video clips
a set of dancing and singing penguings are posing a question whether the viewer has seen dancing penguins before.
three cartoon penguins are dancing and two boys are watching them.
penguin dancing and sing the video
three animated penguins dances on an ice platform.
the penguins are singing a song.
three white and blue colored penguins singing and flapping their fins.
cartoon three penguins singing and dancing in the snow
three cartoon penguin dancing and singing while flipping their wings.
there are three penguins and they are all waving their hands and dancing.
a white statue of a man carrying a calf is being viewed with music playing.
a white statue is being displayed inside  a room
in the video it shows a statue of jesus, and a song plays
statue of man with calf over his shoulder.
a statue of a man with a cow in his back
a unique beautiful statue for others to adore.
this is a depiction of a white statue of a man carrying a cow.
there is a statue of a person who is carrying an animal over their shoulders.
a jesus like statue holds a young calf in his shoulders by showing kind to it.
there is a statue of a man with a calf over his shoulders.
a set of hands is putting semi circle cardboard pieces around the bottom of a green bottle.
a person decorating a 7-up bottle with cardboards at the bottom.
a girl prepared own object by using cards and bottle
a man is gluing semicircle cardboard pieces to an empty green glass bottle
showing diy's with papercards and bottle
putting lots of semi circle card board box around the beer bottle to make the bigboom.
placing the semi circle shaped cardboard around the fizz bottle for a craft work.
very particular video, how to make a bottle artistic
there is someone sticking cardboard pieces on a glass bottle.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
bright yellow cars drive past a linea urus building.
video of luxury cars entering the assembly manufacturer on a sunny day
two yellow cars taking turns and entering the main road
at the entrance of a company named linea urus two yellow cars were entering into the company
yellow cars and driing and turning left to go by and underneath a building.
two cars are taking turn on the  some road
a yellow color car moving in road side city
many cars are traveled by highway road
two yellow cars starting from a building front and ride off to the road side.
yellow car moving in road side city
this takes place in a city around dusk. there is a plane taking off from an airport. the camera follows the plane long after it takes off as it flies into the sky.
a plane taking off in the evening with low lying buildings with lights around
there is flight flying over the buildings
an aeroplane is  taking off from the runway and flying to its destination
the jet turn on turbines so that it can take off
takeoff of a fighter jet from a land-based airport.
an aeroplane is taking off in the sky.
a jet is taking off into the air from the ground.
the airplane is taking off from the run way with high sound in the background.
a plane takes off at dusk or dawn in a cloud filled sky there is a word in the corner says its airshow stuff.
a slideshow depitcs images of a woman while a song plays in the backround.
music with images of a beautiful smiling girl
a lady is sitting in a blue sofa wearing a white dress then a photo shows her with blue dress.
in a song, a heart shows lady with white dressing and then blue dressing lady
a woman in the video, singing songs with audio
a heart is shown and then a woman in a purple velvet chair is shown.
a photo of karen carpenter dressed in white, followed by a picture of a heart, followed by karen sitting in a purple sofa chair singing, if i had you
one girl is dressed nicely and song is playing in the background
a model is being shown in different types of dresses
a pleasant song to hear and a beautiful woman to see.
a band is on stage singing a performance of a song.
there is a music concrete play on the stage a man wearing a black hat playing guitar and singing a song
two women and two men performing. a woman clapping her hands and the rest playing instruments in a dark environment with indirect lights.
a man playing a guitar while people are clapping to the music.
some people clasping while a man sings a song
a music troop is performing a song in a stage.
excerpt from a concert where a man in a hat surrounded by musicians sings to a guitar
a man and his musicians are playing in a concert.
a band on stage playing a song with the male lead singing.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a bat is flying in slow motion through trees.
some bats fly in groups among the trees
a bat flying in slow motion towards the camera in daylight near trees
a woman does a voice-over with a bird flying through trees in a forest.
a girl is giving information about bats that they can nevogate using echo location.
a bat flying in slow motion with narration.
a woman narrates the flight of a bat in broad daylight
there is a bat that is flying in the air and there are trees around it.
one girl is explaining about the bat and it is flying slowly
a bat is flying in slow mo video and a woman explaining its mechanism of flying.
a pair of dark skin women and a child in vibrant colored dresses walks through a field of high grass. in the foreground, text reads ghana - business on the go. a report by nicolas cotto and manolo d'arthuys. a dark skinned woman carries a large, full basket on her head and carries a large metal pot toward a dark skinned man and woman.
people walking across a farm field and others bringing farm produce.
a women holding something on her head in an open ground
a woman in a red dress walks in the field of tall grass with a large basket on her head, then another in a blue dress also appears with a basket on her head
a ghanaian woman working in the field and carrying a basket over her head
people are walking through tall grass in the country of ghana.
peasants in the country of ghana
people walking through the grass carrying heavy baskets under their heads
few women in a field of ghana carrying things on the head
people are walking the in field under the blue sky with things on their head.
after few months her son seeing mother.
a girl hugs a guy who works in a restaurant kind of environment.
an emotional exchange between a woman and a young boy where she hugs him.
parents embracing teenage son in a spacious home.
a woman is hugging a boy and a man is watching
a mom hugs her sad son while the dad rubs his back.
parents are consoling their son
a young man in a dark shirt hugs a woman who appears to be his mother while a man in a red shirt watches.
a mother expose emotional to son in the video
a woman hugs young kid with black shirt
a television program presenter asking the participants some questions.
doctor phil is talking to some one about divorce.
dr. phil showing a woman charts about her husband
on a tv show, a man comments on various titles with a woman.
in the office black color dressing person speaking
a man describing a divorce procedure
a man is going through some important time line with a woman in red
a person is taking class about divorce with the help of some notes
a gentleman in black suit explains the statistics on a screen to the audience. the lady with red dress and open hair watches him explain.
part of a presentation given by a doctor at a meeting
a man is describing a car engine and its parts.
a person describe the bike engine
someone is talking about a car engine to some one..
a person shows the inside of something that could be a vehicle engine or a machine.
in this video we can see a man explaining a car engine component
car engine and a man behind the camera who talk about how to repair it
motor and engine bay of a car. a person describing features of the car in the engine bay.
a man is talking about engines in a car.
close-up is shown of the engine bay of an automobile.
mechanic showing car engine and explaining possible defect
a man riding on a mini sports bike wears a helmet and turns in a circle
a person riding on a very small red motorcycle
riding low to the ground a man rides an orange small motorized bike in circles outside.
a person riding on a white and red motorcycle that is very small
a person in green rides a motorcycle on the street.
a person riding a white and orange mini motorcycle in a circle
a grown man doing donuts on a kids bike for no reason.
mini motorcycle with loud noise from its powerful engine
adult man in helmet pilots children's motorcycle doing maneuvers in a circle
there is a man who is riding an orange motorcycle around in a parking lot.
there is a film of a guy talking to an audience larger than him
a man in a black t-shirt makes a joke while talking into a microphone.
in a room full of people and books, there's also a man speaking to the people.
an indian man speaks in his foreighn language and strokes the sides of his neck as an audiance laughs.
the person is sitting at the table talking into the microphone.
there is a guy trying to do a comedy show.
a person is explaining about the vocal part of the body
a man speaking into a microphone in front of an audience and making them laugh.
a man makes jokes into a microphone in front of a crowd.
a seated man tells jokes as a crowd laughs.
a girl is filming a video tutorial for a rpg game.
a player destroying a brick fence with a virtual machine gun
a female is talking and live streaming her gameplay.
very popular game of felling, fast
a screen recording of a game is playing
a girl is chopping the fence down in the minecraft world with the axe.
someone using an axe in minecraft to break down a wooden fence
a women is playing a video game.
a shot from the game where the player is breaking the fencing
a women breaking the blocks of the building
white sports bike with rider dressed in jackets and helmet standing a little further behind
this shows a white and big motorcycle on the pavement.
presentation of a small motorcycle with blue shields
a bike is in the road and a person is walking around the bike
a man with black color shirt moving behind the motor bike
a parked white motorcycle is being displayed in an empty parking lot.
white sport bikes with amazing and stunning looks
a person with black jacket and helmet is showing off his kawasaki sports bike
showing the design of the white bike.
a  bike-race rider is looking his light coloured racebike in the ground.
a man demonstrating certain coloured objects on how they change
a man in a black shirt holds two red and blue paper objects.
a man talks into a camera about a ninja star.
the man is holding the red and blue store up to the camera there.
oragami is done at its finest by a middle aged white guy
a person in black t shirt is showing a ninja star and telling about its characteristics  that it is double interlocked single sided transforming  8 pointed.
this man is having to much fun with this silly toy.
a young man, who is sitting at home,  is enthusiastically describing a double sided ninja star that he made.
a person talks about an origami eight pointed ninja star.
a man is holding up some stars and he is going to call it double ninja star set.
a drawing of flowers shown on screen then swipes into a screen with text
drawings of a flower milk glass playing in the video while playing soft music in the background
shows a drawing of a lily with instrumental music in the background
painted by pencil beatiful flowers on a white leaves
the draw video uploading in youtube channel
a white paper with some lillies drawn in different positions, in black pen.
illustrations of flowers are displayed. nicely arranged mellow music is heard.
there are two drawing of flowers drawn on white paper
website displaying some free pictures and asking for people to subscribe or comment
it is very cool to give strength to channels that explore art, whatever its aspect. especially with such beautiful features
man driving a car in a video game.
a man talking about some kind of simulation.
man talking and laughing in a driving simulation with text box in front.
electronic game showing a car being driven through the desert.
a guy is playing a car driving game and talking about it
a man reads posts from a social media site.
a gamer describing how he is playing a game
car video game, screen with information about the player
a game driving a car on a road with mountains around it.
a screen recording of a game is playing
a group of boys singing in a band.
four people perform music in front of a crowd, in a darkly lit venue.
4 men in a band on stage inside a club with the crowd screaming with excitement.
musical band giving their live performance with full of energy
a group of young boys singing on stage with a guitar player.
a band on stage singing. two people with mics and one with a guitar.
four men make a musical performance, three singing and one playing the guitar
four asian men are singing into microphones on a stage.
group of person sing the song and playing the guitar in stadium
an asian band group on a stage singing dark clothes in half light with a little public energy
a person wearing full sleeve black jacket with hood and red cord is explaining about a man in black t-shirt with a grim face.
a person who speaks and sees himself from a face that comes out smoke from his ears
a young man in black shirt is just trying to explain something
the man is very angry until his ear got steam comes out
man in black shirt furious and smoke coming out of his ears
the image of bearded brunette man with gray smoke coming out of his ears
a man with steaming ears and after it a man in black and yellow hoodie
a person in black shirt and pant is explaining about a sport celebrity
a image of a man with smoke coming from his ears,them another man starts talking.
a man wearing a black tshirt with steam coming out of his ears.
spongebob squarepants sings a stadium rock ballad, and points at the crowd.
spongebob squarepants is singing into a microphone while wearing a red outfit.
cartoon clip showing a cartoon character in very angry face
spongebob sings a rock song in a stadium in a red outfit.
a sea sponge dressed as a nutcracker singing
character of a famous animated drawing using hat and singing
sponge bob squarepants in firefighter outfit performs the winner takes it all, the sammy hagar version.
spongebob signing the winner takes all theme tune at the superbowl.
spongebob singing, making a show in his drawing, dressed in character, a great drawing
a cartoon character under spot light singing a song with holding a mike in hand.
the white motorcycle is sitting on the sand there.
this is a video of the front end of a motorcycle.
there is a white and black motorcycle that is being circled. there is also some music playing in the background.
its an advert video in which a motorbike standing in a desert has its body video-tapped starting from the back. music plays.
a camera panning around a white, sporty looking motorcycle.
a white motorcycle sitting in a vacant lot.
white motorcycle on dirt.
the motorcycle is very black and is seen during broad daylight
someone walking around a white motorcycle while it rest on the kickstand.
a closeup of a sliver and black motorcycle is shown in a desert scene with loud music playing.
both boy and girl are cleaning their home
a boy and an asian girl cleaning a house and washing dishes
a song is playing .two people are cleaning the house in video.
a man wearing black round neck t-shirt is looking anxiously at a lady in pink dress is washing dishes in the kitchen helped by his husband.
shows couple doing housework: washing dishes, cleaning and singing romantic music
a man and a woman are cleaning a house as maids.
a young man appears smiling and shortly afterwards the same young man appears doing various activities with a girl.
music with two people attempting to clean a house.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a boy with dark brown hair wearing a black and grey tshirt and washing utensils and a girl in pink cleaning floor.
a man explaining how to play a video game.
the person talks about releasing a new game streaming.
there is a red coloured designs
a boy is saying the a week ago he released his first commercial game on the steve
guy behind the screen is telling about one youtube channel the dreadful whispers-on the screen
multiplayer game people are playing by people with headphonene
a dark red background with the little character named the dreadful whispers displayed.
a woman is explaining  about a topic
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a man was talking about the release of his commercial game two weeks ago
a cartoon character in an blue iceland.
a creature talking to his friends and at the end a shadow apears.
cartoon characters were speaking a different language and not english
a cartoon with a white panda asking for help getting out.
a cartoon picture, in that there is a danger upcoming.
a animated cartoon character is screaming for something.
a cartoon clip shows a character who is afraid of something while a commentator describes it.
a small character is very much confused in this clip
one cartoon character is crying by seeing others
there is a otter that is talking to a bunch of other pokemon.
three cartoon lady characters are talking and laughing.
lady with blue dress shouting loudly against a strong black dresses person
a girl speaking the another girl and she is laughing and hand in stomach
two women are negotiating in a mountin area. the middle one laughs, the third one remains out of the conversation for the time being.
three women are standing side by side, one is short with blonde hair, the other one is tall with short hair , and the third one is the tallest with black hair.
three animated woman in a video discussing if their going to keep something.
three characters speak with each other and laugh together.
three lady cartoon characters talking and a young lady laughing
a toy with green dress talk to near toy
a small lady talked with big one and laughing by touching her hand.
he is driving the car and listening to music
a man walking in the dark at night
a man in a brown jacket walks towards his girlfriend at night and drives a car
a man walking alone at night and seems to be sad
man walking through sadly on road and inside the car
a man is walking in the dark, a woman turns and looks over her shoulder, and then the man is seen driving a car, while romantic and slightly melancholy music is playing in the background.
the man is very sad looking, and the next man was watching.
a man is walking alone in the night time
showing a scene of a man walking at night walking and his car.
a person walk alone at midnight on the road
a male showing how to lower cars correctly.
some person camera focus on car and in house
a man is moving towards a black car
man talks about a truck that is in his driveway, while recording said truck.
there is a one car in dark green colour and a person talking something that car.
a person is showing his leveled truck in his driveway.
male voice describing how he lowered his large truck.
a man walks out of a garage and shows a dark green pickup truck parked in the driveway.
a man showing his gmc sierra green vehicle
the man is trying to lower his truck into his garage.
the lady introduces models of the car.
a man showing sports cars at an exhibition site
a man is explaining about sporty cars in a showroom.
a women is showing cars in the car show room
cars of different colors are sitting in a showroom while a man points to them.
exhibition with colorful and powerful super cars in a hall
a person shows multiple expensive cars including race cars.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a man narrates while showing several cars, including a racing yellow
some one showing a variety of cars and explain it
a person showing his musical instrument to others
two chinese boys show a white violin to the camera
two asian men showing the details of a violin.
a guy with black and white jacket is showing the violin strings.
this man his showing off his custom made violin.
a man show his violin and their parts
an asian man holds out a white violin. it is observable that there is a damage on the body.
a man showing a broken violin to the camera
showing his white violin.
a man showing a beautiful guitar and explains about the string.
baby elephant singing a song
cartoon of a pink elephant singing and dancing in the savannah
a cartoon elephant is singing and dancing under the sun near trees
a pink elephant is walking in the savannah and singing about its wrinkles.
an animated sun sits in the sky while a pink elephant walks into view.
an elephant plays in a bright sun.
a pink cute elephant is enjoying on sunny day and singing a song
a pink elephant with hearts on it's cheek dances to a song in the savannah in front of a sun with a face.
a pink cartoon elephant walks under the cartoon sun, and starts to sing.
a cartoon of a sun lighting up a land with some trees and a pink elephant starts to dance and sing.
there are many girls and they are wearing different dresses
it is about the different types girls with different types of dresses
a slideshow of young adult woman in a pink background.
a girl give the pose in front of camera with different type of dress
a fashion dress materials for women outfits are lined up in slideshow.
colorful beautiful lady models are giving different pose for the product as shown in the screen.
hot and beautiful women are possing for the pop rock photos.
still images are shown of the members of a band.
picture of different girls on a magazine with the name of the magazine on the right hand corner.
an advertisement of apparels named candie's by the fashion three girls
a man and a woman are near a van with the rear open
a man is talking about what happens on a tv show.
people walking in different scenes while someone describes everything
varoius persons expressing displeasure or sad mood
man being questioned while he has memories of the events.
a group of people talk, and then some walk by a van afterwards.
in the video there are 3 men and a woman. the narrator comments on a stephen king film
this is a summary of a serie on the hbo channel
someone is talking about a stephen king moviel.
a man narrates over some gray footage of people with reference to a crime
someone is driving down the road as the pass by numerous parked cars and buildings
a car races past a line of cars waiting in line on road.
someone is driving down the road past a line of cars, they pass a mcdonalds.
cars of different colours and sizes in a traffic
a car driving down a street passing up cars and a mcdonald's.
a very large line of cars stem from a mcdonald's restaurant.
someone is driving past cars on the side of the road and directing the camera at them.
a car drives past dozens of cars that are lined up to get into the drive thru at mcdonalds
there are several cars lined up by a mcdonalds and it is sunny outside
driving by the mcdonald's woundering when it will open the dinning room.
a video title weapens,education, fighting for gun rights plays with excited music in background as the american flag flies in the background and a man's personal car collection is showcased along with some gun pics.
a man with multiple gun holsters touches the guns he is wearing then cars flash past
welcome to the gun and audio talk show with your host jake.
a man is showing off different accessories and gear that he has on a body harness.
a man in a white shirt is showing a gun on a holster and two cars, one red and one dark blue.
there is an advertisement for gears and accessories that is showing a car.
a clip showing different people and different objects like cars
some one is looking at a video about gear and accessories.
a clip of an advertisement for hunting gear and accessories.
a man is showing off his guns and holsters and then we see some really cool muscle cars.
a man drops a magazine in front of a lady talks to her and walks away.
man throws down a magazine on a counter and then leaves in disappointment
man in a suit droping a magazine on a glass table.
a person throws a book on table while talking to other one
the person is slapping down a magazine on the table
the man is warning the lady. the lady is very sad
a man, in suite  throwing a magazine on to a glass table with stationary, in front of a lady.
one man isspeaking with a girl in office
a man throws a magazine on reception table and speaks to receptionist.
turns out indian guy in suit considers himself just too hot to give an autograph to a random alive female fan.
a woman grabs hold of a folded stroller and lays it on the floor.
a girl close the wheel chair in front of the camera
a women in black folding a pedestrian chair in the mall
a girl in a shop showing a baby cart
a woman is checking a wheelchair at the mall
a lady with black top and trousers is folding the pushchair away.
a woman wearing black dress using a foldable chair in the shopping mall
a woman in black shirt is folding a trolley bag in a supermarket.
a young woman in a baby store shows a folding baby stroller.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a person is arranging a roti in box one by one using tongs
the  hot dog is baked and put inside  parcel box
a person is just placing some fried food in a bowl
pieces of food are shown being put into a red container.
a hand drops churros into a red small casserole pan, they are being drained of oil.
someone is putting some fritters in a bowl.
a person using a pincher spreads some kind of a dessert to a plate.
staff putting churros on a tray
someone prepares a hotdog and puts them in a tray for serving.
someone is placing the fried dish on tissue paper
an episode of fox news where 2 guys are being interviewed with a john deere in the background
two men are on a news broadcast seated in front of two tractors.
a man in a blue sportscoat and a beared man in a plaid shirt stand in front of a collection of tractors.
a reporter is talking about two men in front a john deer and a woman is at the bottom.
a newscaster is making a comment about a congressman pictured in front of a tractor.
two men are being interviewed on a fox news station
a man wearing a blue blazer and man wearing gray plaid shirt sit in front of red and green tractors for an on-camera interview.
fox news a man in a suite jacket and a man in a plaid shirt sit in front of some tractors, one a john deer while the announcer on fox news talks.
a reporter talks about a political figure sitting in front of a tractor.
a guy is talking about tractor to two other guys.
a man with a beard is in conversation with another man.
a long bear man in black dress talk to someone
zz top member is giving an interview amidst speakers.
a gentleman with a very thick beard talking to another guy
a man wearing cap and spectaculars having long beard speaking
a man with a long beard is talking to another man wearing a goggle
the old man is talking with another man.
a person explaining some thing and he is wearing cap and have big bred and moustache.
a man with a long beard is interviewed by a bald man
a man with long beard speaking with someone with music equipment's
children have fun running in the middle of toys.
a little girl is chasing a little boy in what looks like a girl's bedroom given all the pink in the background.
a little girl is chasing a little boy around a playroom that has a pink chariot with wheels and a lot of toys.
two kids are playing , a girl is running with balloons  in her hands and chasing the boy.
a boy in an orange shirt and a girl in a pink dress holding balloons, run around in a toy room.
in this video we can see a girl and a boy playing together
two kids are enjoying themselves with lot of toys
a little girl and boy  playing together in their beautiful room with full of toys and balloons.
a small boy and a girl are playing with balloon and running.
a boy and a girl playing with each other and tries to catch eachother
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
he is use to the musical instruments with violin, and singing.
a country singer on stage singing for the audience.
a musician with light blue shirt and long hair is playing guitar and singing song in front of mike where drums are played at the background
a vocalist and guitarist from a 60's band singing a song
country musicians are performing a song live on a concert.
a man dressed in blue is singing a song while playing a guitar.
men playing guitar and singing a song together
a man with a blue shirt and big hair plays a guitar while singing.
a musician performs in a concert
a person singing in the crowd
a female singer singing in a stage show with other crew around.
a girl in light pink dress and blonde hair holding mic and singing on the stage and some musicians with instruments.
american singer miley cyrus singing a song with her band.
miley cyrus sings live with the band playing behind her
a girl in a long beige dress sings with a band in the background.
a female is singing in stage with others in group
a woman enjoy singing a song
a woman, backed up by a band, sings on a stage.
there is a girl singing and other people playing music in the background.
a woman is laying down on a couch in a room with a man in a bed.
a woman in green saree is lying on a couch
women laying on her right side on a fold out chair/bed in a hospital room while another person, a patient lays in a hospital bed. both are asleep.
a woman wearing white saree is sleeping on sofa
a lady is sleeping on a sofa and one patient is lying on a cot.
a lady is laying on a couch sleeping with her arm under her head in front of someone sleeping in a hospital bed.
the female with white dress is sleeping on a black sofa.
the girl was sleeping behind of her sick husband
there is a woman sleeping in the couch while the alarm is playing.
a woman in a green shirt is sleeping on a couch.
a woman is wrapping a glittery red ribbon around a delicate violet bow.
a woman teaching how to make a different bow.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
the lady is demonstrating how to complete the bow on the hair clip.
a woman's voice is teaching how to wrap the ribbon in the middle of the bow.
a women is tying a bow with a small ribbon.
there is a demo of prepration of tie pin.
hands are tying red ribbon over a purple bow.
a lady is having a purple color  net and doing craft work.
a demonstration of how to correctly put a ribbon on a bow.
making crafts at home, colorful hair ties
a person demostrate about the making of hair band for kids
a person creating several lacinhis
there are different color bows on the table and then there is also music.
hand-crafted baby headbands in an olympic pattern of five with blue, yellow, and red shown first while the others have bling in the center.
someone is displaying the different hair bows that they have made.
two hands picking up and showing several diadems with bows of different colors on a surface and have scissors and a roll of blue ribbon
there are colorful hairbands displayed.
pretty hair bows are arranged on a work surface.
a little girl putting together different hair clips.
funny white pug sits sticking out his tongue
cute puppy being petted and makes sound when stretching his cheeks.
a cute white dog wears a bib while music plays and someone plays with the dogs ears.
someone is playing with a dog and pulling his face.
a small white dog being petted on the face.
a cute puppy's owner plays with the skin on the puppy's face
someone stretching the face of a white dog with the flow of a music in the background.
a person is pulling on the face of a white puppy to make it look like he is smiling.
a person playing with his dog and making funny faces.
a person is playing with a puppy who is sitting.
music video of a singer male, black around 30, very dark colors and playing on shadows to go as the singer dances
some guy is singing and dancing on the roof and there is a fire behind
a man singing and dancing in a musical video.
a man who is wearing black jacket is performing a song in stage
a man is singing to the video for a music song.
one men in black colour dress were singing song and dancing
a music album in which singer singing song
a singer performs the song breathing while he also dances in the video.
a song is playing .a man is singing.
a black boy sings and dances on the top of a building with the sunset in the background
a white witch with black gown and black crown, on appearing on a crowd place candles were blowns out by air then she says hello
angelina jolie is dressed in a costume in a movie.
there is a woman who is angelina jolie who is in a costume
fragment from a fantastic maleficenta movie with her appearing on the screen
the candles are blown out as maleficent enters the crowded castle.
candles are burning out, and tormented shapes move in the shadows. diabolic female character shows up.
candles are blow off by wind
a lady is dressed as a space traveler in all black.
a women with horns is talking .she is wearing a black dress.
candles are blown out as an evil looking women walks in to view.
there some guys in the water and one is holding a turtle.
man holding a sea turtle inside the sea.
bald diver is in the water and holds a turtle in his hands
a white man in a diving suit in the sea holding a turtle. in the background it is possible to see another man, an island and a boat.
a man made the big tortoise to swim in the water.
a man is exited because he manage to catch a turtle from the middle of the water
a man walking in the water holding a turtle and explaining its feature.
a bald swimmer is swimming in the sea holding a sea turtle
a diver holds a caught turtle into the camera and talks about his experience.
researcher holding sea turtle about to bring it onboard a ship.
the animated cartoon characters are walking forward and talking.
micky mouse accompanied by the entourage is entering the hall.
several cartoon character walking up the stage for introduction.
a cartoon involving mickey mouse and minnie mouse and several other disney characters.
mickey mouse and his friends climb a temple ladder to explore it.
the cartoon toys are entering in the room is beautiful
mickey, minnie and their friends are walking on stage together.
cartoon speaking in asking indoor in the vedio
mickey mouse, minnie and four supporting characters appear on an a stage decorated to look like an ancient site.
micky mouse with a brown hat one standing in front of a large doorway.
a large man in a red shirt and hat yells out the window at an unseen individual
a red t shirt man looking out side through a window
big fat man shouting out of the window
man in a classroom shouts out a window, explaining to a lady that he did not mean to scare her.
red dressed big man calling some one through window
a man in red shirt with cap near whiteboard was shouting over a window.
the man is yelling out his window from his classroom
the person in red t-shirt is talking to someone out of the window.
there is a clip of an overweight man yelling to someone an apology in a clip of a reality show.
there is a big fat man screaming through the window
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
alot of people around someone and talking to this person
reporter giving an award to a boy.
a man is among several adolecestes at an event. another man comes close to his ear and speaks to him.
a young man escorting people around at a concert.
a family at the justin bieber show being rewarded with money and an opportunity
a group of people at a concert are offered tickets to move to the fourth row.
a person in green is assisting the lady by saying that take your kids down to the fourth row.
a man suggesting to the person to take their children to the fourth floor.
the man has came with his two kids in the party
a sick lady is talking in a weak voice to a woman in the background.
a woman hooked to a breathing machine with a illness laying in a hospital bed talking and explaining situations.
a very sick woman with a tube in her nose.
an elderly and frail woman is being interviewed about hospice care.
an older woman with oxygen assistance is saying how lived longer than expected
the woman is sitting and sleeping on the sofa.
an old woman on oxygen is laying down on a brown pillow.
a woman sick in a bed with a breathing tube.
old woman is dead on the couch and not looking very good at all
a sick lady with an oxygen tube on her face is talking about beating her 6 month diagnosis and someone offscreen is talking with her.
blocks fall down and disappear as some text appears
a photo is cut into smaller squares to appear a gray letter logo
a advert to go to pendulia, tannar golf.
advertising transmitting an image of a logo and a man narrating.
a tannar golf logo appears next to a tee with lines around it.
come play golf at tannar golf we love to have people enjoy there gofing games here with us.
a white background with blue letters.
few blocks drop down after that a some text is displayed
this video marketing for advertisement tannar golf.
announcement of a company that appears to be a golf club, with a male voice in the background.
model box, antony and cleopetera 2018, desighner hildagard something, an artistic display as a voice talks about the display.
a group on the stage of a theater rehearsing a play.
different type of statues displaying in a room
she is explaining the trophy art.
on a stage there is an art museum type look setting with 4 individuals standing around.
there is a lots of card board cut outs that are standing on stage.
a female voice narrates as male figures stand on a stage with art.
few men giving pose exactly like a statute in the stage. a women in the background explaining about it.
a lady is explaining  about a movie clip
a foreign female having seminar on a subject.
an old doctor is telling about his patient who is in mri machine so he is telling about his brain condition.
ct scan machine test help us to know what parts of the brain are needed.
a doctor is explaining about a ct brain scan with the patient being sent inside a ct scan machine and monitors showing scan report
a man is just getting ready to check for scanning
this man is talking about how our brain works and why we need it.
man sitting on chair and giving information about medical condition
a person lying in what appears to be a tunnel while a man gives explanations in front of a laptop with images of a brain
a doctor performing mris on people to research drug addiction.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a man in a tan shirt discusses the differences between a drug user and a non user as another man is inside an mri machine.
a pirate and a woman wearing a pirate hat are talking on a beach.
two people are having a conversation that is dubbed into a different language.
a pirate and a female crew member discuss their plans on the deck of the ship.
a clip of one of the pirates of the caribbean movies plays in a foreign language.
captain jack sparrow having a discussion with a lady.
a scene in a movie where a male and female is talking to each other.
captain jack sparrow is talking to a woman wearing a hat.
interaction of a man and a woman in a scene from a world famous film
it is scene from pirates of the carribean where the lead actors talks about how to escape
there a man speaking and look at the face of a women
a cartoon young girl with red hair and a blue bow stands on a sidewalk twisting her index fingers into her cheeks.
an animated scene of a young girl wearing a princess dress being described as a stereotypical 'birthday girl.'
the red haired girl points to her cheeks and tells the narrator to tell the other part.
the narrator informs the viewer of a character who thinks that she is the birthday girl.
a red hair child, in a cartoon, is wearing a dress with a bow is smiling while showing her dimples with her fingers.
the girl in orange hair is really happy and liking her life
a redheaded girl stands and moves while speaking with the narrator
in a cartoon, a narrator is talking about a girl who is spoiled and thinks everyday is her birthday.
the group of animated people are standing around together.
this cartoon has a girl with orange hair and she
two girls are speaking about dis she ask the officer to help you retire
a woman with big hair is talking to another woman in purple.
two asian women dressed in traditional attire discuss retirement.
the lady is talking to a man.
a chinese woman in pink dress is talking to another man in a black dress
an oriental woman in a kimono and red lipstick talking to another oriental woman
woman wearing a purple kimono, talks to another woman in blue kimono
did you ask the officer to help you retire?
a japanese woman wearing traditional clothes speaks to another japanese woman.
a lady with pink dress scolding other person
someone tells about the applications on the computer screen .
screen of the operating system showing the operation of a program.
desktop of a computer is seen, depicting two creatures, then a user fiddles around on an interface.
installing a computer program while a person speaks
a man shows step by step how to tamper with a computer program.
a presentation is going on a screen .can see a dialogue box at screen .
a person opening some kind of software in his computer
there's a person who is trying to show people how to download a program.
a man explains how to launch a computer program.
this is the app to download a video down-loader
the labrador is rescued from the container and  survived.
a rescued dog's death
dog being rescued from a place with water and placed on a bench he is lying down explaining water from his mouth with his tongue exposed
a dog is being pulled out of some water by a device.
a dog gets pulled out of water in a cartoon, while the scene is being analyzed by a narrator who isn't shown.
a cartoon dog is pulled out of the water and put on the table.
a black dog sucking the water
a man describe a dog character
a dog is taken out of the water and is sick
a dog being lifted from a pool of water and laying with its tongue out.
a girl creating romantic mood and love.
a woman getting undressed and a man talks to her
a man declaring his love to his woman
a woman is undressing down to her bra.
showing a movie scene.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a woman entered near to the bed removed dress
one of the scenes in the film 50 shades of gray
a sensual woman undresses at the foot of her bed
man in underwear approaching a woman who is undressing and wearing underwear
a monkey seemingly irritated with a girl in cartoon show
in a animated video where a girl and a monkey and they taking with a man
a girl with short hair talking to the man who has mask in his face.
a girl toy talk to monkey toy in front of another boy toy
animated girl talks with a monkey and it gets upset.
one girl in green colour top standing with her monkey and talking to one person who is standing infront of her
animated with green shirt and pink skirt and a monkey  are shown and both of them are having a conversation
the girl introduce herself before telling her situation.
animated little girl questioning a man while standing next to a monkey.
a little girl next to a monkey speaks making an angry expression
there are two men who are in suits and they are dancing and singing to a song.
there are two people standing up and singing and dancing
two men wearing coat is singing and dancing coordinately on the stage for a mild song
the two persons with black suit is singing and dancing on the stage.
two men are singing and dancing,and another one is playing music
two persons performing a musical concert on a stage.
two mens were singing song and dancing in stage
two men singing and dancing to an audience.
three musicians showing their performance on the stage
guys with suits on are singing on the stage while doing some simple dancing.
in different craft, a person is showing one of skills
painting the white color egg tray
a hand with a brush is painting or doing a similar craft exercise.
someone is painting on a large egg carton for a craft project.
someone is doing crafts painting an egg carton.
a do-it-yourself tutorial with a box of eggs.
a five minute craft consisting of painting with a small tool.
opening presentation of some diy handmade video of egg box reuse
there is a person making 5minutes hand craft from the egg tray
the girl was someone things, colour painting thats it.
as loud music plays, people rock and stand on a car, a man finally breaking a window and grabbing the driver inside.
music video with yellow car, swarm of elderly people are attempting to break into the vehicle.
many peoples try to attack a car, inside that car number of peoples are there
a group of persons attack a yellow car and broke the window
a crowd of people are banding on and breaking into a yellow car.
the passangers of a yellow car are attacked by a swarm of zombies.
a group of people is trying to attack the passenger inside of the yellow car.
several people around a yellow taxi pushing the same
several people attacking yellow car trying to capture the people inside it
the people damaging the car while the song plays in the background.
the orchestra group is playing instruments and singing a song on the stage.
there is a band on a stage with many musical instruments. the vocalist wears a black hat and sunglasses.
in the middle of a stage a man sings a song with his band
the band group is performing on a stage
band performing country western music in a concert.
a group of musicians play their instruments and soon after a man in the center begins to sing.
a large group of musicians perform on the stage while a man sings .
a stage event music concert program a man in hat singing a song
a video of a song of a guy hugging a lady while another lady is surprising with the action
a man with a cow hat on his head is singing a song in his great voice with his whole team playing instruments behind him.
one man tries on a shoe on his right foot, he almost falls and another helps him
two men are in a shoe showroom holding each other's hands
man in black pants asks for help to put on a tight shoe.
two men having fun talking to each other in shoe showroom.
two men interacting inside a tennis shop, where one of them is trying on a
a person tries to help another person to remove a shoe which is stuck to the floor.
a demonstration of a man being pulled whilst wearing a sneaker that keeps you stuck.
a man gets stuck to the ground in a pair of nike shoes.
in the shoe showroom a man stucked by wore the shoe and another helping him by holding his hand.
two men engage in a tugging game in a shoe store
a person is driving a car around a neighborhood where the roads are empty.
a person drives quickly down an empty road.
someone with a white hand is driving fastly through a small town.
a first-person view of a man driving a car through a neghborhood.
a person driving in a car and there is buildings on the left and tÃ´ tÃ´  right
someone driving a car at high speed on a curvy street
driving a car down a little busy street.
the person is driving around slowly in the car.
a car being drive around a series of houses. the driver is white, and the car is moving at a moderate speed on the roadway.
a person is driving across a village, and some houses are on both sides
a guy is showing something and talking
white t-shirt men some speaks on camera with open place
man in a white shirt with black sleeves talking and drinking something
a man tells about foam to be used in forest area.
a pumped up man is taking a video selfie under a bridge.
a bearded man in a black and white shirt, holding a water bottle stands under a bridge, at the edge of a small river and speaks to the camera.
man standing under an overpass describing how cold the rushing water is.
one person is standing near water and telling about something
a handsome man deeply thinking about something and  is explaining in the forest.
a man is making a vlog video surrounded by water.
ultra thin white notebook with great technology
mostra de um notebook sendo aberto lentamente, mostrando seu teclado e tela.
the notebook computer laptop in open position display
a laptop with fine structure and bend parts are displayed.
display the laptop 5 notebook terbaik 2-3 image
an african narrator speaks as a laptop computer is shown.
in the video a new generation notbook is being shown
a white notebook ad showing the device opening and keyboard
5 notebank terbank laptop computer with foreign language description.
a laptop is opening its lids  and a man explains the laptops from background.
a female hand teaching how to fit two objects
a person is fixing a grinding machine.
we have a man of unknown race working with ceramics
manual work with a yellow cylinder being fitted to a wooden base.
the person is fixing something placing on the table.
hard working man hands are molding an object with a yellow cylinder.
a product been placed and moving with the bottle like.
a person hand plastic cone clay with pressing
some one is making a hand craft art on table
the guy is taking black image impressions.
this is the sperman game like childrens.
the screen is divided into two halves, and in each of them is an excerpt from the cartoon
in a split screen view we see two cartoon characters flying through the air
opening and music of the cartoon dragon ball z, in which two characters appear.
the animation had japanese singing in the background.
dragonball character, goku flying in the flying cloud and bulma.
a boy with a blue uniform is flying on a cloud
a young boy is jumping with a stick in his hands
the cartoon channel playing this video
two cartoon characters dancing to a song
a woman uses tongs while making a churro.
a women frying a food product in the hot oil
a person is explaining how to cook a recipe
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a woman is teaching how to cook something.
chef is shaping food in cooker with tongs.
something is being fried in a silver pan full of cooking oil and chrome tongues are squeezing it.
a pot full of oil and a woman explaining the preparation of a churro
a frying pan with oil and a churros being roasted at the moment.
a woman is explaining on how to straighten the food in oil using a tong.
a woman newscaster introduces another reporter who begins to speak.
a female news anchor inside the studio with long hair and a male in a blue suit on screen at a cbs2 new station.
a news anchor dressed in a black suit sends it over to a reporter
two news reporters are sharing a breaking story involving a child.
cbc news in chicago reporting about a child.
the woman is on the news as the camera runs.
a female news reporter speaks on an issue as a man appears on the screen next to her
a woman is in a studio giving a news report then a man joins her over a video call.
the person is the star of a news show and is looking at the news report
a n anchorwoman is explaining a news story
a person in black colour dress and with cooling glass driving a car
a man analyzing and showing some functions of a car.
a guy driving a ferrari and talking about how the car works and what it can do.
a man is driving car with one hand on steering and with other hand showing buttons on steering and explaining about the,.
there is a man totally black dressed and who wears dark sunglasses. he is driving a ferrari and he expresses his enthusiasm while doing it
a black man dressed in black and sunglasses drives a ferrari while he speaks
a guy in black shirt is driving and talking about the car.
a boy with sunglasses and black t shirt is driving a car in race mode and instructing some one about driving
a man is driving a sport car at high speed on a straight road boarded by trees.
man dressed in black shirt and glasses speaks while driving car
this super screw driver can fit any size of the holes you need
a man with black t shirt explaining about some equipment
a person explain about the new instrument in front of camera
a guy demonstrates a comfortable tool kit and its features.
a person wearing a black shirt is holding up a yellow tool of some sort and is talking.
a person showing a portable tool set of bits
a man showing in detail a pilot to write and various functions
a person with black tshirt and he explain the mechanical tools
a guy with black top and cap is showing the tool box in a yellow package.
this is a one type of tools.
a man in a t-shirt is take a red barrel to some other place
a man corking a red drum of oil and then lifts and takes it away
a man is closing a big can with a lid and taking it outside.
a young man caps a red oil drum and then carries the drum away.
a man picks a red gallon, which is between the blue and gray one, lay it onto the ground puts the lit and carry it away
a man in plaid shorts and camo shirt is working on a large oil drum.
a white man is opening a colored container with a key
a men with short and t-shirt try to close the barrel with hands and after that he take it very quick.
a man in a camo shirt and plaid shorts tips over a red mobile drum, screws on the lid, and carries it away.
a man is moving petrol and synthetic lubricants containers.
when loki becomes a god of lies, his true form holding the staff that gives him more power than he already has, incredible scene
someone is looking at the movie thor with loki walking.
the movie scene where a person is holding a stick in hand and walking.
the man walking alone with one of the super power mode will be changed.
the man is walking through the facility slowly.
a man in a casual black coat with a magical stick in his hand is disguising himself.
scene from the movie avengers. loki, the villain, reveals his true appearance.
man in a suit walking and suddenly turns into armor
a man walking with a torch and soon turns into maybe a space creature or man.
loki comic book fictional character transforms from human to god
timelapse of a big city
man narrating matter about electricity showing city and moon.
a timelapse of a city to the rising sun to the dawn and at the end the moon.
when sun rises solar panel get charged and works when sunset to nature
an aerial view of the city with buildings everywhere
the clip shows about how solar electricity is used to light up cities.
solar panels, then city lights at night, then a shot of the moon.
solar panels are shown during the day, then buildings during the sunset and finally the moon
one person comments that the use of solar energy is beneficial for you and the environment.
the view of city life and then a beautiful moon shining in the night sky
tears are coming from a young woman's eyes.
a women crying clips with and without using glycerine
a girl give the beauty tips in front of camera
a blonde woman loses makeup without a special cream when she is sprayed with water
two images of the same person right beside each other doing faces
there is a woman who is being sprayed with water and some of her makeup falls off.
a person's faces is shown two time with and without something
image divided in half showing the same person with different expressions
an ad showing with or without the products which shows same woman on the both sides with red lipstick and blonde hair.
a couple of faces been sprayed water and great test.
two gigantic doors open and a man wearing a long cape walks in shadow.
two doors in the floor are shown as a man walks through a building.
doors open and a guy is walking forward.
there is a door that opens and then a man walks into a room.
a film trailer where one of your characters appears using a cover
one men is coming out by opening one big door and walking
he has come to visit his brother in a big and creep dark room.
a sci fy video of a man dressed in an ancient outfit.
by opening a decorated huge wooden door the armored man enters.
a huge door opens and man, dressed like a knight walks into the fire lit room.
a mushroom in a green field, a person explains about it
a person explain about the poisson mushroom it is present on the green grass
one person is telling how to identify weather mushroom is poisonous or non- poisonous
man talking about a mushroom and the possibility of being poison
a poisonous mushroom covered with brown dots sits in a field.
a voice discusses whether you can tell if a mushroom is poisonous or not as a mushroom is shown onscreen.
animated image is showing mushroom and a symbol poision.
there is a person who is talking about a wild mushroom.
a mushroom that is brown sitting in a green field
a mushroom is grown in between a green plants
multi colored balloons are ready to start the balloon competition.
a large number of air balloon sit on a field at dawn surrounded by a large crowd as one of the air balloons lights up with the burner blowing flames.
a long line of flying balloons being lit and ready to be sent into the air.
people are gathered at a festival with many hot air balloons in a line.
several hot air balloons lined up are being prepared for flight while a crowd of people wait next to them
a group of people gathered and watching lot of para balloon ignitions.
a crowd of people accumulated in the hot air balloon festival.
hot air balloons are being readied for flight.
giant fire balloons lit with many people around it.
hot air balloons being warming up for air travel.
in this video we can see a policeman saying people to leave out
prime minister benjamin netanyahu has stepped up measures to control public movements
a minister in front of a castle talking to the population
a policeman controlling the movement of a public.
a guard wearing light blue gloves motions for people to move away from the closed entrance door.
a strong security guard preventing people to go inside the castle
security man passes information to people in front of him
a policeman wearing in uniform with a blue gloves in his hands and instructing to a group of people about something.
a guard in the front of a castle or temple doing the symbol of closed and asking everyone to go home.
a police officer is telling people something in a foreign language.
a man touches a sink in a store and talks about the metal composition of different sinks.
a man in a grey vest talks about kitchen sinks.
there was a guy talking about some kind of gauge.
a man with wine shirt and glasses advertising sink products
a man in a nice vest is standing in front of a sink and talking about the qualities of the sink.
a man in a store discussing sinks and the specs of the sinks.
a man in a maroon shirt is standing amongst many sinks.  he explains some of the benefits of the materials used to make them.
a man in a vest talks about the quality of different types of sinks.
a man is standing near an assortment of products and talking about their benefits.
a man in a red shirt showing sinks
a man walking in the mall, and receives a goodbye from a girl inside the store
part of the music video in which a guy with dark hair in a hoodie walks past the shopping pavilions
a man wearing beige jacket and a blue shirt stating new york on it passes by a lady standing in the window wearing a white dress with the flower designs on it is waving and smiling at him.
a man walking past a store with a woman in the window waving at him.
a man was looking around the store with more dress.
his a person was more handsome and cover a ladies
a man wearing black t-shirt and cream colour hooded over coat is passing by a store in the market when he is welcomed by a girl in the shop
girl waving hand to a boy in shopping mall
there is a man walking near to a women
turkish performer wearing clothes from a past era, walks in front of a clothing shop.
old beard men showing stuff of his room
an artist's paint work finish now
a man works in his art studio and talks with a friend.
an elderly artist describes his artwork
a very old man with blue chirt is painting
bearded old man in his basement with his arts
a man with a long beard wearing a blue jean jacket speaks on his paintings.
an old elegant man with white beard in blue shirt and pant is showing his beautiful art work and doing some paintings
this video is explain at the men is living in medicine
an artist is showing how to mix oils to paint
roadshow screensaver with painted cars
company logo is displayed. loud dubstep music is heard.
the video shows the transport company, in the commercial
this is advertising road show
it seems that is an ad about a company
an intro is playing for a roadshow
teleperformance road show video is starting
advertisement about the roadshow
music plays while different words appear on a mostly white screen.
teleperformance advertisement showing their motto every interaction matters and an introduction for their roadshow.
batman turns around in front of a fence and confronts bane.
the scene in a movie where the villain is talking with the hero.
the encounter of the super hero batman with the villain bane in a walkway
there is a batman looking from the iron cage and talking
the batman say some rule in the enemy.  batman looks very nice.
a part from some batman movie with batman
a man wearing a black mask if found standing behind the bars.
a villain in a batman movie tries to verbally intimidate batman
bad man talk for enemy and some people feel the time attack enemy.
batman stands infront of a grate and talks about something serious.
a man is in his car talking to someone standing by his window.
man stopping car, rolling down window and asking questions.
sentence 1: a person in car open the window and speak in chinese language
a person with black tshirt and open the car side mirror and speaking for someone
man rolling down his car window to talk to someone in protective gear.
a person in car seems to be angry at someone
asian man inside a black car, and talking to a person dressed in protective clothing
an asian man in the car is stopped by officers for checks
man parks his car and rolls down his window to speak with a person in a medical mask.
the asian man who looks confused rolls down his window
an advertisement of a resort called crystal court with vacation music and waterfalls.
in an outdoor setting a building is being shown.
krystal court, a beautiful building surrounded by palm trees and greenery.
a building with balconies, a staircase at the entrance and a green lawn in front
a front view of  ahuge building surrounded by greenary
the scene is about krystal court.
aview if krystal  court  which is beautiful with greenery
commercial real estate - a house of several floors with green territory
there is a white appartment complex surrounded by a lot of trees and lush lawn at the front.
building with an outdoor area with grass and trees
a man with white hair is speaking on a tv show with an audience in the background.
a middle aged man wearing maroon shirt, blue coat and a necktie is seen explaining something in an interview as viewers look on.
a person is saying something at interview
a clean shaved man is talking about something in a show watched by some spectators behind.
a man tell his experiance
a dr phil show guest discussing romance scam sites.
there is an old man who is talking to dr. phil.
a man in a gray suits speaks while on the dr. phil show.
a person with ash colour dress thanking doctor phil
an interview on stage with audience and the boy in social clothes tie wine
two girls are practising the gymnastics
little girls are practising artistic gymnastics and a grade is being displayed to them.
the girls practicing gymnastics in the school
there are people who are doing gymnastics and walking around the gym
some are small children and they are all exercising
a guy is performing a song with a gutter on the stage
girls train gymnastics and a girl does a stunt in the background.
little girls gymnasts are engaged in the gym to the jingle bells song
little girls in a gym exercise in gymnastics floor.
girl kids are warming up at a gymnastic training center
a gameplay about a shooting game, where people are in a dark environment.
a screen recording of a game is playing with a gun
two gamers explain what they are seeing whilst playing a game.
a man and a boy is searching for someone with a gun and a stick in their hands.
a man plays a game of first person shooter while commenting.
a gamer is playing the game and showing how to play.
guy streaming with a friend playing first person shooter game.
a person watching video games
two players are commenting that something moved in the room where their video game character is in
an electronic game, in which a character walks through a space with karma in hand.
doctor is fighting to kill the corona virus
a turtle eagerly bites into a piece of pink fruit
a tortoise is opening its mouth to bite something.
a little tortule is eating a red melon with a strange form
a turtle is biting out chunks of a watermelon that he finds very delicious indeed.
a small tortoise is slowly eating a fruit
a tortoise was enjoys his meal, and looks like a fruit.
a turtle eating some kind of sweet
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a red color object in the left from right side a tortoise comes and started eating this red color object
a group of people around, there are two men holding cameras and also a woman with brown hair and yellow clothes talking to a child.
there is a girl who was taking a photo with small girls and she walked away from there to meet a small girl and shake hand
a women in yellow shirt is taking pictures with children.
a women pose for the picture with 3 girls and then moves on to another girl and talk to her, man is taking their picture
a woman is having her photo taken with three young girls. she then walks down the hall and shakes the hand of another little girl while someone else takes a photo.
one hot girl girl shaking a hand with little girl
two men are filming one woman in yellow t-shirt who's speaking with children
a girl in yellow dress went to a girl in pink dress and talk to her
a person taking a photo of celebrity and she is  giving a autograph to some child
a group of people take photos and make a recording for a tv show
an old military group moving with weapons
as a battalion of army moves in the desert ground an young army man is seen carrying his long gun on his shoulder.
movement of a troop of army who are armored, motorized with vehicles etc
army men with weapons walks and some moves by trek through a open land.
the boys are going to war in the journal of 1960's.
persons are walking the grass land
vintage footage of german soldiers marching in the desert in the second world war.
marching of german soldiers and explanation on their fate
army men walking in the road and card is riding by a person
there are some soliders who are marching and there is a man voice overing the footage.
a man looks on the sky and thinking about the war field.
the monster soldier was told bury something next to the  parallax guy.
an advertisement of a movie trailer where there is also fire around the person
fighting the big war seen very interest
there is a monster that is fighting a lot of people
in this video we can see a thor the dark world movie fragment
a person wearing black jacket is held captive by some goons and the leader of the goons orders them to bury him alive
it is war everyone is fighting and one guy is very dull and telling something
there is a person who is looking in the sky and then there are people who are fighting a war.
a war scene with dialogue between two soldiers.
there are several people out on the water with white text over them.
kids are playing in water
the end credits of a song is shown, rendered on top of a sunset on the ocean.
the end of a film with credits on the screen and with some people on a rock above the sea.
a group of people on holiday and smiling to camera.
several boys are playing on the beach at sunset
four people traveling on a boat in the title song.
a group of young people walking beside a sea side
kids are standing in the rock.
people on a beach looking at the view on top of a rock
there are a lot of girls who are having a great time together
number of women's sharing their happiness by kissing each other
a group of girls are happy and laughing together then an advertise on a channel.
the group of ladies are hugging each other and person talks in the backgroubnd
a women in the labor room is surrounded by three other women's who are kissing her and also each other hilariously
a woman introduces the topic of top 10 funny labour scenes whilst a bunch of women celebrate a birth of a child
four women in scrubs are all hugging each other and another lady in a hospital bed.
a voice welcomes people to their you tube channel ms mojo of mysterious things  showing 4 friends hugging each other
four girls with one in bed and three are surrounding her and  hugging each other
three friends came to congratulate the fourth to the hospital, obviously, with the birth of a child
a man is talking, something about people not having time to like a video, while we look at a static image of  minecraft steve in full diamond armor with a fence and some spruce wood behind them.
this is a picture of a cool block guy that is in green
a blocky teal character is standing mostly still while a voice talks.
a minecraft character is standing in front of a brown background.
sidearms robotic representation in purple and green color.
this man is showing us how to build a world of minecraft character.
a green minecraft character is standing around, waiting to be occupied by a player.
a man talking about a video of minecraft.
there is a person with diamond amour and he is talking to audience.
a cartoon is rapping to a video of a song
at the yankee stadium a horse racing final and the crowd excited in the end
a horse wins a race while an announcer excitedly tells a cheering crowd about it.
the horse race taking place in the stadium is being displayed in the huge screen of the stadium.
a large television screen which is showing jockeys that are riding race horses at a race track.
an arena with a vast audience watching a horse race on a large screen.
group of members playing the horse riding in yankee stadium and watching the stadium persons
a live horse race at yankee stadium where people are cheering frantically.
public vibrates at the end of a horse race.
in this video we can see the yankee stadium and a gib tv with horses running
view of yankee stadium in bronx, ny showing video of a horse racing event
shows images explaining about razors, how they work, their parts.
a person giving instruction  between a hair trimmers and blade shaver
describing various new features of the shaving razor
different parts of a shaving razor is being described.
this is a advertisement for some youtube video channel showing us how to subscribe it
showing two types of razor for shaving.
this is kind of short commercial about buying a double edged razor.
some one is explaining about the razor model appeared as image
presentation of two-blades shaver
a video clip explaining difference between cartridge and general type razor
a little boy playing in the water with a toy bucket on the beach.
a young boy runs towards the ocean, scoops water into a pail, and walks back to shore.
a kid is playing with water in the beach
the boy is playing in the sea water
a child is getting water with a red bucket
a kid takes a red bucket and scoops water from the incoming wave.
a young boy at the beach collecting water in a pink bucket.
a little boy in a blue shirt ran into the ocean with his red bucket to get water and then walked back onto shore with it.
a small child with dark hair in a blue and green bathing suit runs in to the water at a beach carrying a red busket. the child uses the bucket to scoop up some water and is met by an incoming wave in the process. the child holds his footing and returns to the beach with his bucket full of water.
a child in a blue shirt carries a bucket of ocean water.
a video about someone making a delicious chocolate cake
a video showing a recipe of cake and how to decorate it.
making a beatiful chocolate cake design with chocolate balls.
a time lapse video is showing a dessert decoration being made
chocolate cake decoration with chocolate balls
video of decorating a cake with chocolate balls to light music
a timelapse video of a cake being decorated with chocolate balls.
the creme ice cream is super and the nuts are like beautiful.
chocolate covered round cake being filled with small chocolate balls around it.
a oval shape chocolate piece is moving and round small chocolate ball being placed on this shapes in proper arragement
the 10 largest spiders in the world, clearly see a therapeutic blonde if not the largest one of the largest in her family theraphosidae, fantastic and incredible animals just misunderstood
a big spider walks.
the introduction of a video that features the top 10 spiders of the world.
a presentation of a documentary about top ten largest spider in the world
one men is telling about top ten largest spider in the world
a spider is being shown wnd a statement  10 large spiders in the world is being shown
call of a program about spiders passing several during the announcement
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
there are ten largest spiders in the world.
several image of spiders appears one after the other. at the end there is a sentence: top 10 largest spiders in the world.
there is a woman talking to a man who is drinking a beer
a man with a large glass of beer in his hand talking to a woman.
a woman leans over while talking to a guy sitting in a chair.
a couple is camping in their own living room, they are having a conversation.
conversation between a man and women in a room
a male and female talking to each other in a tv show.
two people, a man and a woman talking and about to kiss.
a man and a woman in blue shirts are in the room but near the camp
men and woman in blue colour dress were talking about something
a woman standing folding a shirt and a man sitting talking inside a closed room with a camping tent set up.
a very large spider runs up the front of a man's shirt.
a turanchula climbing on someone .
a man pulls at a spider on hit shirt before it races upwards.
a very, very large spider is crawing on a persons shirt, and then the person grabs one of the eight arms which agitates the spider who then speeds up and runs towards the persons face.
someone describing about a spider's behaviour
gordon ramsay asks if a tarantula crawling up another man's shirt is large enough to eat.
a big tarantula crawling all over the place.
a large spider is crawling on a man in a black shirt.
a man pulls at a spider on his shirt while talking to another man, and then the spider climbs higher.
the spider is walking along on the ground.
two news anchor are discussing about the matter in the news channel
a tv news reporter named tanya reporting from jerusalem and ready to answer the questions of news anchor live.
a newscaster welcomes a guest joining from jerusalem to discuss the deaths of palestinians by friendly fire.
on a television show a man talks to a woman about the palestinian protests
the news reader of the tv is communicating with the lady reporter in the field.
news anchor and news reporter talking to each others
two news reporters are reporting in about recent developments in jerusalem.
a news  program  where  tanya from jerusalem  is being asked about israeli and palestinian killings in gaza
the journalist are discuss some news in front of camera by using mike
a man in a suit and red tie on the left talking to a woman elsewhere presented on the right
in the trailer of the film, the hero with glasses runs up to the heroine who is sitting in the cab of a large car
inspector gordon talks to talia who got shot and wounded in a vehicle.
the man with black jerkin goes towards a women in the van who was injury.
a male and female talking to each other in a scene.
a film clip of a woman speaking to a man from a vehicle.
there was very spooky music playing during this video.
a bespectacled man runs up to a military truck and looks at the woman in the driving seat.
a man who is wearing a glasses rushing to a vehicle where a lady is sitting in a uncomfortable position
a man is looking at the girl sat in the car
a man walking to a stopped truck and a woman talking to him
animated characters play with pumpkins, break one and a farmer appears
cartoon characters are trying to prepare for halloween with pumpkins
four cartoon characters smash pumpkins on the ground
in the video game pumpkin was put down by a character among three and another character came and scolding for that.
a pumpkin is dropped and smashes open on the ground, then a farmer comes to scold the three people who dropped it.
after one of three cartoon character in colorful dress smashed a pumpkin, their guardian makes entry to the scene.
four little monster are playing with some pumpkins.
four strange characters talking.
this is an animation video.
pumpkins are broken in to pieces in the floor
a man in black dress opened the car door and waiting for someone
some one is looking at a video of people getting in to a black car.
a male person with black clothes and a hat is standing in front of a car.
an elegant man awaits next to a car to open the door for someone.
a youtube channel called cinemasins provides a humorful commentary as a movie is quickly overviewed.
old man always wait the events like for feel share.
one person is waiting for somebody in a car in front of tree
a person put in the cap
man wearing black hat and clothes stands near a black vintage car and opens the door for someone to enter
a person standing at a car
a woman in a bathroom about to shower and shaving with a razor.
a women in towel explaining the different types of shaving method.
a woman is observed in her shower as a narrator describes her options for shaving her body hair.
an young woman wrapped in a pink towel under her arms is trying to apply soap to shave her legs in her bathroom
a blonde woman in a bath towl is shaving her legs with a purple razor.
woman in a shower attempting to shave her legs.
teaching areas of use for hair removal on female legs
shows how to shave with a razor in a funny way
a woman is shaving her legs in the bathroom. various diagrams are shown on the alleged methods of leg shave techniques.
a woman in pink shows viewers how to properly shave their legs.
people playing match a player throw a ball, while another player hit the ball
a batter hits the ball back at the pitcher in a baseball game.
a game of baseball, the kicker has hit the ball and runs away
a baseball pitcher dressed in red and white with a cap throws the ball to the opposing team's batter. when hitting, the ball passes very close to the pitcher
a baseball team playing a match and a player throwing the ball at the baseball bat
a baseball pitcher throws the baseball to the batter.
playing baseball with full of audience in the ground
players cricket playing in the ground
a video about a baseball match between two american teams
two teams are playing in cricket ground
actress of fantasy movie walks across castle room, as visible crew records the scene.
scene from the movie maleficent from the backstage angle
the black queen advances into the hall, pushing her subjects away
a movie shoot takes place with an actress acting as queen in center of a large crowd in a palace.
a gathering of people in medieval clothing is parted as a woman in a regal dress with a long train walks to the front of the room.
there is a woman who is walking down the path and everyone is watching her.
scene from the movie maleficent.
maleficent walks confidently through a crowd of onlooking spectators.
woman fully dressed in black passes through the hall
its a shooting spot,where a girl with long gown is walking and people crowded around the spot.
a women making the cake and decorate the chocolate eassence
a man showing how to make a recipe.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a sweet being prepared in a kitchen by a woman.
a chef shaves layers of cake and coats them in chocolate.
a tutorial on how to make a very interesting and dynamic cake
a pastry chef carves and ices a tall cake.
a person wearing gloves in his hand and holding knife in his hand preparing a chocolate cake
a person prepares a chocolate dessert with a knife and other instruments.
a woman is making a cake and decorating it.
an oldies all male band singing on a beachfront in the tropics
a group of boys were singing and playing guitar near the beach
looks like a clip from a music video. theres 4 guys with string instruments playing a song and the guy with the glasses is singing.
a band of boys playing and singing on a beach.
there are four guys playing guitars and singing a song
a spectacled man wearing jeans and coat with a long necktie is playing guitar on the seashore along with his three friends
a band of four people sing and play guitars.
four men are playing a music in the beach
a band of five men singing and playing in front of the beach
group of peoples sing the song and play with guitar in palm beach
a man holds and talks about a device, and then, he places it in front of his eye to look through it.
commenting on telescope type.
a man is showing the feature of a telescope
a man explains how a black telescope works and its major features as he holds it up to his eye.
an old lady wearing black dress holding a torch and checking by eyes
a man is holding a device in his hand like a telescope and trying to see with it from his right eye.
a man is showing a black device.
a man is demonstrating different parts of an optical instrument
a man in a black shirt wearing glasses is demonstrating why he prefers a particular columnating eyepiece.
a guy in dark grey showing a device that looks like a telescope
there is a man explin the art works
a small beard man wearing black coat & shirt holding cigar in hand moving forward and trying to explain about a painting
an old man looking at the pictures on wall
a man in a black blazer holding a cigar looks at the picture on the wall
a man ib black coat and a cigerette in hand compares two paintings and describes it
a man wearing black dress observing the art on the wall and talking about it
a man standing looking at pictures of art and talking about them.
a man explaining during watching the paintings
a man in black shirt with a cigar in his hand is explaining about a painting which is on the wall in front of him
he compares two modern paintings
a group of dolphins swimming in the ocean
swimming the see in majestic world of dolphins
a documentary of dolphine in water moving smoothly towards some plants
four dolphins swim gracefully in the ocean waters.
a group of many dolphins swimming underwater.
several dolphins are swimming in the ocean with some white text on screen.
a group of dolphins swim close to the substrate in the ocean.
they are showing us the majestic world of dolphins.
four dolphins swimming very close in the sea
a clip from a documentary called the magical world of dolphins with music in the background.
two chinese men test driving a honda and discussing its functions.
a man with a clock in his right hand driving a car and talking to a man beside him
two men in a car discuss traffic rules while driving a car with the steering wheel on the right.
two persons are talking inside a car while one of them is driving.
there were two guys going for a drive and speaking a different language other than english
here two friends are talking and having their car ride.
cockpit view of a car driving over the road in the sunny weather. the passangers are talking.
two men discuss a car's driving performance and functions during a test drive on tree lined highway.
a guy is driving a car and commenting on places
someone is driving a car through the highway with many other vehicles on a sunny day.
a person pressing a spongy material with their hands.
a person takes out a foam square and starts to squeeze it.
person pulling off cloth of a foam cube
a man is talking out the sponge from a cover and smashes the sponge using his hand side by side.
a person takes a foam out of the pillowcase and begins to squeeze the foam.
pushing a smunch by both the hands in the room
a guy is unleashing a cushion and pressing it
a man unwrapping a large black sponge and softening it.
she is showing a kind of foam.
a man wearing grey t-shirt is removing a foam from a bag and keeps it on the brown table
a person slicing up brisket with a knife on a wooden surface.
as music plays, a person cuts meat on a cutting surface.
person is slicing the smoking meat very efficiently
a person is making a yummy hot food and cutting it to slices.
a chef cutting meat very faster
man is slicing up a chunk of meat in the kitchen.
some of food cut and eat people also that is  beef to mention some all.
a meat is heated and chopping in peaces with nice way.
a chef showing how to properly cut meat
a person cutting a red meat that looks very tasty
a white glass weared man dancing with girls where at last another man overtakes him
music video of a song featuring a man and a huge line of women with the most diverse appearances
two curly hair boys are singing with dancing and 5 girls are dancing very nice for the song
there is a man singing a rap on the street followed by a group of dancing girls
a man and several women in colorful socks on the street.
a man singing in a musical video and girls crew dancing around.
scene from the music video of lmfao, a well-known music group.
a man in a white tank top sings and behind him are several women.
a man with glasses singing in the street with five women doing a choreography. and in the end, another man plays a musical instrument.
a man singing with girls dancing, and a boy playing a trumpet
timelapse of the construction of a wooden house by 2 people
the men are outside building a house.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
the video build the plastic or wood house.
people build a small wooden structure like a shipping container in an outdoor setting with grass and trees.
ant work from afar, heavy work from man up close. the harmony of the woods aligned in the construction of this beautiful house
some people are making tiny house
some people making wooden house neatly make it fast.
two men are placing wooden boards on the side of a building in a sped up time lapse video.
two men setting up a place made of wood
the wild alpine river is beautiful and enjoy the video very useful.
video of a turbulent river with instrumental music in the background
its a wild alphine river,water looks like snowy.
green water with frothy whitecaps tumbles over rocks.
sentence 1 : the movie ends with wild alpine rivers that film directed by sigurd tesche
few lines are being displayed  with water flowing in the background
water in a river cascades downwards as various text appears.
a river with strong currents shown in slow motion
a water flow in a wild alpine river
a river with a very strong current flowing eastwards.
a person is looking at a brown top mushroom that is growing from the ground.
in video they showing a mudroom how root up it
a man is digging for a large mushroom in the grass and dirt.
a man is plucking the mushroom from its root.
man shows a large mushroom that grew in the woods.
there is a person who talks about a wild brown mushroom.
a person pick a mushroom from the soil
a man is picking a big mushroom from the ground.
mushroom was naturely growing from the ground in nature
a mushroom  is in the ground and a person is picking  up the mushroom
a woman is making a ribbon tie.
a woman is making something by using clothes and telling about it
a woman shows how to construct a green ribbon, made out of a very soft fabric.
a woman having long white nails in both her hands is holding a green nylon net cloth folded and is explaining how to make a beautiful bow out of it.
there's a women showing how to tie a cloth
she is designing to the net cloth for working
a girl making with craft in sponge with not and rolling the sponge
a woman ties tulle fabrics that turns into a lace
there is a person teaching people how to create a nice looking bow.
a girl is speaking and showing a hair clip
lot fo peoples are under one roof for a function held in there
the u.s president trump who wins the poll is invited to the stage with huge applause
news report about results of the us elections with trump
in the stage show many people walking into the center and auditorium full viewers.
some people are entering on to  the stage of a crowded hall
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game  s
a group of people walk onto a stage adorned with flags and trump/pence posters to triumphant music and a large crowd/
a lot of celebrities are walking onto a stage with lots of audience.
a news video shows the us election poll where trump and all other party members were moving on the stage in front of mass after winning
the people are approaching the stage while the crowd cheers for them.
a women spending time in open ground with her dog
the female is walking and sitting on a chair and feeding a dog.
one girl with black colour dress going and sitting in chair and giving something to dog to eat
a girl walk in the ground sat on the chair playing with the puppy
a women in a park walking away from the camera and sitting down with a dog being inquisitive behind them.
there is a girl with her dog and some large buildings in the background.
two women in a park one walking and the other sitting playing with a white dog.
one young woman walking and sitting in chair in outdoor place
a women sit in the chair and feed the dog
a girl sit down on the chair and stated to feed her dog after that another girl came along to take a pic of them
short woman in a work uniform arguing with a man wearing a flannel shirt in a factory.
big guy following a woman in the work environment.  he keeps talking to here while her back is turned and she is looking in the fridge.
a women seems to  be angry at something
scene of a bearded man talking to a woman
a woman looking surprisingly at a man while he is speaking.
a comedy show showing a man following a woman and talks to her
scene of a sitcom with a woman and a man in what appears to be a factory laboratory
a man is following and talking to a lady who is walking in hurry and opens a fridge while many others are also busy in their works.
a big man is asking something humbly to an old lady.
a short woman wearing black shirt and light blue overcoat is working in a research lab a man wearing checked shirt is pleading for something
some of the extreme sport showing their great talent
the bike rider riding the bike and karate master trained to student
one person is riding bike very fastly and another person is doing karate
a man jump  riding a bike
someone is playing bike race and one is playing karate
the motor racing and karate on the video.
a person riding  a bike and was doing stunts by  climbing  a high stone and falling down from it later there were two boys doing kumfu fight
a bike rider is showing his skills in open area
a bikerman doing stunts and a boy doing martial arts.
a man is doing a motor bicycle ride and karatae
a cat inside the house looking at a squirrel outside the house
an orange cat prods around a window with a squirrel on the other side.
an organge cat is watching a squirrel that's crawling along a window.
a cat is sitting near a window and sees another animal on the other side.
the cat is looking for outside cat, the outside cat infront of the cat.
an orange kitten looking intently at a squirrel outside the window
a cat is trying to catch a squirrel but the squirrel is behind a closed glass window
a big cat inside a house and huge squirrel outside the house is looking each other through a glass window
a fat cat looking out the window at another furry animal.
cat and squirrel from opposite sides of glass window look curious without being able to touch
a gentleman was giving a review of a pillow that he had recently slept on.
a man is giving an overview of this pillow.
a man demonstrates how a pillow cover fits smoothly over a purple branded pillow.
a pillow sits on top a kitchen table as a hairy man arm strokes the pillow slowly.
a man is using his hand to demonstrate what he doesn't like about a pillow while giving a negative review.
a man describes the shape of a pillow that is on a table.
a man is stroking a white pillow that is on top of a brown table.
a man rubs his hand along a pillow while explaining the benefits of the pillow.
a person is touching a my purple pillow.
a man giving a critical review of a pillow.
part of the report on the effect of coronavirus on farmers
two people talking surrounded by large pigs. another group of people talking to reporter while leaning against a red tractor.
taking interview of one family
some of food issues for animal all reason covid-19 so discuss the problems.
news report on impact of covid-19 on supply chain which is creating issues for farming
there is a man who is a pig farm that is talking to a news reporter.
there are four people  and all four of them are discussing  about the corona pandemic
reporter interviewing a hog farmer facing the farm. reporter talking to a woman and two men who are sitting on a red tractor.
news program about hog farmer facing supply chain dilemma caused by covid-19.
gray-haired individual listens to a man speak surrounded by hogs in one scene and 3 indivisuals in front of a red tractor in another scene.
a  larges space ship chasing after a tiny ship.
a large space ship shooting at an inferior one, possibly star wars.
a gray ship of the empire from the star wars is firing on a rebel ship
a space ship in space is emitting rays on earth by moving around.
a large futuristic spaceship shoots lasers while a smaller ship passes nearby.
a screen recording of a game is playing
many bullets from the space attack machine, with the fearful sounds
a space station orbits space
animated video of spaceship firing in the space.
a space ship releasing bullets and a small aeroplane went crossing it, planet like thing is on the background,
this drawing and coloring is very nice and awesome
an art is being colored by a person using brush.
the person is coloring the outline of a female face with skin color.
a pencil art of women colored by brush using water paint with brown color.
someone is colouring a sketch with different shades of yellow colours.
a person is painting a beautiful sketch of a beautiful woman.
a man is coloring a girl diagram
a person is using a brush to color the face of a woman
a women drawing a women face and coloring with pencil
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
cincinnati ohio's favorite chili spot, skyline chili. an employee is making 6 cheese coneys
a person wearing clear plastic gloves puts shredded cheese on six chili dogs.
someone is preparing some good looking tacos with plenty of cheese and some music.
a person is putting cheese on hotdogs on a long  pan.
a person is topping off tacos with shredded cheese.
a man wearing gloves adds cheese to the top of six chili dogs.
there are some one preparing some hot dogs.
a worker putting lots of cheese on a tray of chili and onion hot dogs.
in a kitchen, someone is putting shredded cheese on chili dogs
there are a bunch of hot dogs that are getting covered in shredded cheese.
a man gets dragged down in a bad sewer area
two men drag another dressed in black down a dark hallway.
two men drag someone by the arms and set him in a chair, while others standby.
to men drag a third man between them then lay him on the ground.
someone is being dragged by two people into an area with armed guards.
two men drag another man through an underground area.
someone is watching a movie, but it is to dark.
two men carrying a body through a dark cave towards another man who is sitting in a chair.
the group of people are walking together in the dark location.
some guards or soldiers are dragging a person through a dark room.   there is falling water to their left.
you can't really see who's speaking, but their talking about being in a room as a threesome.
there are some people and they are talking to each other
there are people sitting in a room and talking to each other.
a man and women are sitting on the chair and talking
three people are talking in a living room in a morose mood.
a commentator tells about a scene from a movie where three men are in a dark room.
people are sitting around a table in low light while a man speaks in the background.
three people are sitting on couches and across from each other in a very dark room.
a deep discussion going between these people about threesome.
three persons talking inside a room looking at each other.
a red-haired girl with long hair, a student of journalism, and in the background a university
a young girl talking against the background of a villa
she is a research general student showing her campus environment.
the woman is commenting on where she is.
a girl with orange hair walks toward a camera and speaks about the campus around her.
a red-haired woman walking towards the camera presenting a building
a lady describing the university of sheffield in the uk
she is talking about her college and what benefits available there
a female student makes a sightseeing tour in some university.
a lady is saying something standing in front of a huge building
a music video. a black singer singing a modern song.
a man in a suit jumps over a roulette wheel table in a casino and enters an elevator while he is singing.
a person in red jacket and specs going to enter in a lift while singing.
a bald man wearing fancy clothes climbs down from a night club stage singing his song and go after a girl chasing her into the lift
a man with colorful coat is getting down from the stage and following a girl by singing.
a man dances in a club and then enters an elivator.
a chris brown video shot in a bar with females looking on as he jumps over a counter. chris is wearing a pair of jeans and a jacket. he is singing that there is no speed limit.
a man goes after a woman when he sees her leaving and going to the elevator
in the night club a man with colorful jerkin and speck jump from the desk and enters into the lift by singing.
pink clip where a man goes after a woman in the elevator.
a guy in a white and a black cap sings a song on stage into a microphone
a man with a microphone is singing on a stage in front of a crowd.
chris brown is singing on stage to a cheering audience.
a musician in white dress singing in a  hall
a pop singer presenting   his performance on stage
the singer is singing a song.
a man in a white suit is singing in front of a crowd holding a microphone
the white tshirt person doing a performance by singing a song infront of huge fans in huge stage.
a man in his white t shirt and pants with a black cap singing a song on the stage.
a man in a white outfit and black hat walks around and sings on stage in front of an audience.
a story about bats flying around spraying snot and saliva.
a family of bats hanging together in a cave
a colony of bats are shown in a big cave
a person explaining how bats roost together after flying to same area. they spit all around during their flight.
a lot of black bats are stick to a stone.
bats are huddles close together against a wall or ceiling.
lots of bats are seen on the tree.
several bats clustered during the day upside down on rocks
a colony of bats are huddled together hanging upside down.
a group of bats in buck of a tree trying to fly
a light-skinned black female wearing a coat, scarf, and winter cap sings outside next to a road.
a woman wearing a knit cap and blue scarf says it's always something while cars drive by in the background.
a woman in a royal blue scarf speaks to cameras.
a girl wearing in coat suite and speaking in road side city
there is woman who wear a sweat cap singing a song
woman wearing a hat, jacket, and a sweater standing outside at night
a girl sing the song in traffic signal
a girl is speaking on road and there are some cars in the background
a women wearing a coat and hat holding a microphone.
a woman with a purple coat and hat is standing around making slight faces.
one man is teaching hockey with the help of hockey stick and digitsl board
a person with a golf bat is showing demonstration to the auidence in front of  a screen
a man is swinging a golf club in front of a classroom of students.
a man swings a golf club in front of a lecture hall.
a college professor swings a golf club in the front of his class while data is displayed on the projector screen.
a man with light blue clothes teach how to play golf
a person taking golf coaching class for few people
a guy plays american baseball in front of an audience.
a man wearing white pant and grey full sleeve shirt with a waist belt is explaining how to swing a golf club to his students in a classroom
a man is teaching golf in front of the audience.
a shark surrounds a man trapped in a cage
a sea diver shoots a guy in a cage and a close range shark towards him.
in this show, the show being done under the water is about the shark.
a huge shark is circling around a secure iron cage with a man inside in a deep water
a diver in a cage with a shark swimming close by
a diver in a cage narrating some video footage of filming sharks.
a white shark swims around a man in a diving suit, the man is in a kind of cage.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man in a cage is studying a shark that is swimming around him.
there are someone in a cage looking at the shark underwater.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  making a rap music on the mike in front of the audience
instrument sounds making human very perfect sound to produce.
a man wearing blue shirt is having mike and singing on stage
a white guy in a blue shirt makes a beatbox with his mouth.
beatbox seems easy but what this man does is unbelievably astronomical. sensational the talent of this guy, speechless
some interesting singer in light blue shirt and sun glasses with microphone
a person wearing blue half sleeve shirt and sunglasses is holding a mike in his right hand and making drum sounds from his mouth
man with light hair wearing a blue shirt and dark glasses with microphone in his hands and making noise with his mouth and gesturing with his left hand
a boy singing on a stage
a man wearing blue t shirt and sunglasses is singing a song
a pregnant lady delivering a baby.
a woman in white is laying down while struggling for breath and in labor.
woman breathes with difficulty during the delivery, a rare person takes the baby
woman is in childbirth process so man holds newborn baby
child birth is shown and father with baby.
a woman gives birth and then a man holds the baby.
in childbirth, a woman gave a baby and the man held the baby
a woman gave birth to a child
a woman has a baby, and a man holds up the baby.
a woman is given a birth of a child
a female voice describing the formation and features of tornadoes.
a hurricane smoke in open space look like a beam from sky to earth.
a picture of tornado is shown and the lady sound explains that are powerful spinning cones of air.
excerpt from a documentary about tornadoes, explaining what tornadoes are. there is an image of a huge tornado approaching in an open field
a tornado happens in a desert area and a woman comments on the tornado.
menacing tornado promises no good whatsoever.
a lot of dust in brown color is being blowed into the sky
a picture of a strong tornado touching the ground while a woman is giving information about it.
a woman describes the process of a tornado with a video of a tornado in the background
tornado video showing how it may look to other people.
at an exhibition of contemporary art, where bright paintings hang on a long white wall and several people walk
people walk around an art exhibition and look at paintings on the wall
picture of paintings in a museum with a white wall and some people in the background.
a number of pictures displayed on the wall of a photo exhibition.
paintings lined up hanging on a white wall.
the arts on a wall of a gallery are shown
many paintings lined up on a gallery wall, and a few people watching.
corridor in a museum or gallery, with several colorful pictures on the wall.
a few people were admiring the art work at the museum.
in a art gallery people watching different paintings
bald man in a blue shirt talking quietly in the office.
a caucasian man wearing a blue shirt talking in an office.
a man in blue shirt is speaking about something in a room.
a man in blue shirt is sharing some information.
man in blue shirt shares key strategies on how to alter a behavior.
there is a person who is in a blue dress shirt is talking about how to talk to people.
a men talk about the first thing u have to do to answer a behavior question.
a bald man in a blue shirt talking to the camera with an office in the background
balding man in blue shirt gives advice on how to answer job interview questions.
a man in a blue formal shirt talks to the viewers relating to a topic.
the scientist has teach how to handle microscope and to use
an demo of microscopy machine at a the microscopy channel on a program microbehunter.
a person is adjusting knowb of some machine
showing features of microscope
someone is turning and adjusting the microscope advertising for microhunter.
demonstration by a man of how to use a microscope.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a hand is truning some type of device and otherwise manipulating it.
a persons hands are working on the dials of a microscope while calming music plays in the background.
a technician manipulating a microscope, apparently or testing it, appears to be a very new machine.
a lady in blue has baked donuts in microwave. smell of donuts is very good.
a women put the snaks into the oven
a woman took a batch of freshly baked cookies out of the oven.
a woman in blue, and short haired taking donuts out from the oven.
a lady with navy clothes on is taking the doughnuts out of the oven with the white towel.
chef taking pastries out of oven.
the woman is taking the baked cookies out of the oven.
a woman is preparing donuts in the kitchen
a lady in blue dress take out the tray of donuts from microwave
some guy is cooking and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
it's a citation of a doctor  you die the way you live your life 
the dr had on a tie and was wearing glasses.
dr timothy quill said, you die the way you lived your life
mr. tirmothy e.quill.md's quote he is wearing coat with black colour tie
audio of a man's speech being reproduced while showing a still image of his face on the screen
a bald bespectacled man in tan coloured coat and brown tie is looking at the camera
a man comments and repeats the phrase of an old man named timothy.
the quote is highly accountability to all human life who live for there existence.
a photo of a white man in glasses, beard and suit being shown with captions next to it saying you die the way you live your live.
a guy with glasses and yellow suit is saying that you die the way you live your life.
a golden spinning trophy flashes in the in front of a black background with text
brief introduction of a soccer match, followed by a spinning fifa world cup trophy.
a group of players celebrate winning a soccer match.
soccer players celebrate and then a world cup russia trophy is shown and the text says watch next.
someone is watching a trophy on tv says subscribe.
the fifa trophy is shown spinning in the room.
a video advertisement is shown for 2018 season of fifa.
an ad for fifa world cup russia with the trophy rotating.
men footballers celebrating about winning , a world cup trophy is displayed with a `subscribe` button beside it..
a soccer team celebrates on field thns a fifa world cup award appears.
man doing presentation with tiger.
a circus man taming tigers.
two tigers are obeying his trainee words and one is walking and another one is sitting
a man is in circus and training a two tiger
the trainer is practicing two tigers in the circus ring.
grand circus show, attracts many children with their fathers.
a lion tamer wearing blue walks back and forth inside a cage with two lions.
a man is standing in an enclosure with tigers.
there's a person who is playing around with tigers.
a trainer in circus trains two tigers using a rod.
the man's shaving kit and the method to do easy shave.
some guy is shaving  with newly bought razor and the guy looks fine
a guy is shaving in the background.
men shaving his beard off and music play in background
the man is applying soap foam and shaving his beard using a razer.
a young man is shaving himself with a safety razor in the bathroom.
a sideview of a man with brown hair shaving his face with a razor.
a man in black t shirt is shaving his beard
a man shaves infront of the mirror.
a man applied shaving cream and shaved with razer
a singer singer characterized with a curly red wig and a time dress
there is a woman in the video singing.
we get a small taste of the musical phantom of the opera.
a rosy cheeked woman with long flowing wavy hair.
a woman in blue dress singing a song in high pitch node
in this video we can see a beautiful redhead woman singing
a woman with long brown wavy hair sings a song.
a young woman with curly hair is singing opera music with her beautiful voice
a women sing a beautiful song on the stage with music
a pretty woman with a beautiful voice sings opera
a man in blue shirt is running and the puppy dog is chasing him. the man and the little puppy both are playing happily.
fed black puppy in a library with breed scattered on the floor
person attempting to feed a puppy while making a mess.
a man in a plaid shirt is sitting on the ground and then a puppy chases after him.
puppy and one single person sit in the foot and running to the person distance in to the puppy
man is playing with a puppy in an apartment, then he is is chased around by the puppy.
an ad for dog food with man seated on the floor with a dog and a bag of dog food
a man running and dog also running in the room
a puppy is running around the floor where dog food has spilled and a man in a plaid shirt looks distraught.
a guy with stripy top on is sitting on the floor with lots of books in the background while a puppy running.
three persons  in same black casual dress are sitting in a club like environment and playing guitar
a three piece band are holding their instruments in hand while plucking away at a somewhat pleasant tune as the camera pans around.
three men are playing acoustic guitars in a concert hall.
the three persons are using guitar in front of the odions in the auditorium.
a band is up on stage playing music while a blue light shines.
there are three person in black suite sitting on chair with guitar, they are playing guitar and sing a song.
a country music group of three men performing with guitar.
there are three men performing on a stage.
the men are waiting to sing after a music playing by another man.
three guitar players are giving there performance on stage
group dance session training featuring a set of women and men alike.
a latin jazzercise or maybe zoomba class, latin beat music playing about 20 people dancing.
watching a work out or dance class in spanish possibly a made for bit for a tv show.
a dancing team pratic
a dance workout class to latino pop music where many people are performing a slide shuffle type dance.
a dance exercise routine involving male and female.
group of person practice in dance with studio
a dance studio with many people dancing in colorful clothes
people in dance studio dancing to music in the background.
a group of people are performing a dance routine inside of a dance studio.
a woman having long hair keeping a big egg in fridge,which is not fit for the fridge
a purple and fat cartoon girl throws food from the refrigerator on the floor and puts a large egg with blue spots in it
animated drawing character spills items on the fridge to place an egg
a grandma hold a egg in her hand and put into freezer
an animation video took something and fell it on the ground and put something
a purple character empties a fridge and places a large blue and white egg inside.
a puple cartoon figure with long hair is placing a huge glowing egg into the fridge while throwing out a food tray already kept there.
in the cartoon a girl throw all the items in the fridge and kept a big egg for making omlet later on.
pulling the tray out of fridge and keeping something in it and closing the door.
a girl with pink hair and purple top is opening the fridge.
the famous gogu is transforming to a super sayen but the problem is the lack of energy
there is a big robot and some electric waves are being generated from the robot
blond long hair guy standing in the middle of flames.
a character from dragonball z is remarking upon the fact he doesn't have enough energy.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
an animated character is surrounded by an electric force field.
goku is glowing but doesn't have enough energy to beat buu.
an animated character encased in flames speaks about power
it's goku super sayan 3 of dragonball anime
the dragon ball hero trying to gather his power
a man and woman walk out from between some columns near the front of a large mansion, look skyward simultaneously, and see a huge wormhole of some sort that's opened and pulsating above it.
an older man and a woman are about to learn about some new scientific evidencw.
they found the convergence,
now we are goign to explore the unknown mysteries of ufo's!
the people are all walking outside the large facility.
someone is watching a video about the science no one can explain.
a man with an epic voice is voicing over some sort of science fiction movie.
two people look up at the ceiling in a building.
a commentary about a new movie with some mumbo jumbo science.
two people look at the universe  and they make a long stare at the product
a young man is standing in the street thinking about what he is going to say.
a bearded man wearing a white hoody, a sports jacket, dark skinny jeans and a baseball cap stands in the middle of a road in an urban setting.
a man in a white shirt, jacket and cap is standing on a city street.
a man in an urban area with a white blouse, black cap and colorful jacket
a man in black pants, a black coat and cap and singing a song.
a man is standing in front of a building, in preparation to deliver his video clip.
man dressed in white shirt and black pants stands in front of an abandoned building
a video showing a man singing song on road
a man wearing hoodie, shakes his hands and walking outside of the building.
a man is in the beginning of a music video directed by wowa and is just about to start rapping.
two individuals wrestle on a blue and purple mat.
two amateur greco-roman wrestlers in maroon and orange are grappling each other.
two people are boxing in the stage all of you watching
fight between two young men who are fighting in an ncaa wrestling competition.
two man are wrestling with each other and audience are watching by sitting around the podium.
narrating an olympic fight.
two men are talking in a microphone at a wrestling match while two athletes are on the stage.
a body fight between two men on a mat and with an audience around.
two people are fighting each other with audience watching
a wrestling competition is going on the field with commentary
video of man on fire while laughing up at the sky.
there is a person who is coming out of a fire.
a ghost is firing and shouting in the heat.
freddie kruger is coming to life in some movie.
an animated video of a man burning in fire can be seen .
a animated video shows a man with a hat burning in fire.
an animated video showing some animated action.
a person explaining how to cook in a video
someone is watching a video of a guy burning in it.
a cartoon character is raising from the fire in the mountains
a little gray bird, with a yellow face, a small detail in red and a crest pecking at a white computer mouse.
a parrot is clicking a computer's mouse with its beak.
a domesticated bird playing with a computer device.
one bird is knoking on some white electronic device
a parrot continuously hitting a mouse using its peak.
a bird sat on a tsble and is pricking the computer mouse
gray bird picking a white mouse on a wooden table
a gray and white parrot pecks a white mouse.
a little bird eating some kind of food from a white bowl.
parrot is chipping away on the hull of a computer mouse.
the dolphins are jumping out of the swimming pool and splashing into the water.
some dolphins jumping into a pool at a presentation
dolphins are jumping out of a pool and perform various feats.
the dolphin show the circus.  the people like that.
a group of dolphins jump out of the water as a part of a performance.
three dolphins does the choreography in a big aquarium
dolphines were jumping correctly in a show with swimming pool
loud music and people cheering at dolphins jumping from a pool of water at a water park!
this is a video from a dolphin show. the dolphins were jumping out of the water.
a beautiful and great looking dolphins are playing around the swimming pool.
the people are rowing along in the large boat.
many people on a lake enjoying riding in their boats.
a person kayaks on a body of water in a yellow kayak while music plays.
a man on a  kayak is paddling down a river surrounded by pine trees.
a person in the distance is on a kayak on a lake.  there are trees in the background.
a man kayaks up a waterway against a beautiful backdrop.
there are some people kayaking in s beautiful lake surrounded by bushes and trees.
some one are looking a video of people kayaking
a video about someone kayaking on a lake
there is a person who is kayaking down a river on a sunny day.
young man singing a song in front of his friends and doing a great job.
a person is singing beautifully.
a man on spiked dreads and turtle neck shirt singing.
a group of people are singing with piano music accompanying.
the man is singing in the screen.some girls is see in the song.
there are 4 four negro women and 1 negrio man and the man is singing  a song
man playing on piano while also singing a song. various other people are enjoying his performance beside the piano.
a man is singing while others watch him
a young black man sings with women watching in the background.
a man in beige sings in the center of other people.
a brown tarantula moves forward and eats a squirming lizard.
the insect is moving around on the ground slowly.
spider capturing its prey underneath the ground covered in dirt.
a smithsonian video shows a tarantula devouring a lizard.
a huge brown spider sitting and moving his legs all around in the dark outside.
big hairy spider from the smithsonian channel
a large spider is eating another spider by pulling it out of its den.
a large spider crawling
a big spider is trying to dig a hole at night  in sand  area
a huge brown spider subdues and kills a mouse.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a newly married couple come closer to hug as a beautiful woman with white turban and white hankie around her neck is looking on anxiously
a video of a song of a guy hugging a lady while another lady is surprising with the action
one boy and girl hugging and it is watching by another girl
a woman is witnessing her lover hugging another woman in a supposedly romantic fashion.
there is a girl who hugs a guy and another guy is really shocked.
a man is hugging a girl and a woman is behind them and watching everything
a man and a woman hug one another as another woman watches them.
the couple are hugging in front of the exgirlfriend.
a young boy gives a hug to a young girl, at the same time a girl wearing a cap stares the couple.
a young woman in an inset video uses a handheld device to magnify the surface of her skin, which is seen in the larger image.
the lady is saying that she's so confused about the wax on her face.
a woman in awe of using a tool on her face that magnifies it.
a woman has a hand held microscope and tries to see her face skin magnified to a huge extent.
a blonde girl wearing a black top is using a camera on her face that magnifies the image of her skin.
a woman looking at her face with the help of a tool
a girl showing microscopic view of her face skin.
a women examining her face skin through camera.
girl is zooming on to her face through some device to see imperfections
a girl is talking about black stuff on her face.
a building is shaking in tokyo which seems like an earthquake.
one office that looks like a classroom shaking due to an earthquake
earthquake in office where all things are vibrating and shaking
there is a earthquak and everything is shaking in the office
a room with a man in it is shaking violently, perhaps because of an earthquake.
the camera captures a nearly empty classroom during an earthquake as windows and doors shake.
a person sitting in the table seeing the laptop
a person speaking in the office with experiencing the earthquake
person showing on video an earthquake happening inside an office.
a man wearing black shirt is sitting at his worktable in his office room with all sorts of furniture and instructing his assistant to type in the typewriter
a woman is showing pancakes and describing them.
lady is talking about fluffy pancake by showing how soft they are from inside
woman tearing apart pancake while discussing its qualities.
soft, mouth watering, thick and fluffy pancakes opened to show the inviting texture within.
a person is holding pancakes and splitting it to show how good the softness is in them and there are more pancakes and strawberry's in a plate
a lady is telling about incredible soft texture, flavor of a product.
the girl shows the softness of the cake and with strawberry
a video showing a recipe
cookies biscuit slice in hand
hands opening a piece of bread
there is a giraffe feeding itself and a description about it
a geoffrey is walking and eating grass.
a giraffe is shown in a field, while a woman speaks about them.
a big-necked giraffe grazing on a tree and walking
a girafees family in forest and one of the tallest eating food from tall tree.
giraffees are the tallest living land animals and include the small giraffees.
giraffe walking in a savanna and eating the leaves of a tree.
a lady is giving a description of giraffes in the wild.
a giraffe walking towards a tree and starts to eat from it.
a giraffe is walking toward a tree to eat some leaves.
there is a black woman talking to ellen on the ellen show.
black woman and sunglasses being interviewed at a talk show
ebony girl with an up do hair style, wearing a pink printed dress and a pink full shrug is talking on the mic seating on a white couch.
there's a black girl on a talk show
the girl speaking to the someone else
a woman in pink being interviewed by ellen on the tv show
a girl with curly hair gives an interview in the t.v show.
a clip from the ellen degeneres show in which she is interviewing a young woman.
a black woman with a speech impediment answers questions about what she does for a living.
this woman is talking about herself on a live talkshow.
a big spider is remaining on the glass of the window.
in this video a black and yellow spider is presented
a yellow and black spider stopped being filmed.
a big yellow spider sitting in it's web
explaining about an insect while displaying it in showcase
a video of a spider and men talking over the top of the clip
a spider feature is explained
a spider is sitting on a glass window.
man talking about a dangerous spider he is about to put on his body and potentially let it bite him.
a person is talking about a spider
there is a teddy bird with a long joker cap and someone has put a light bulb next to it
hanging a penguin and a snowman christmans tree ornament.
2 dolls of penguin with a orange cap and a snow man with a cap are hanged in a christmas
nice design has made on two bulbs and hanged on the tree
someone is decorating. tree beautifully with little cute toy penguins.
someone decorating a tree with penguin and snowman keyrings
penguin christmas doll is hanged in the christmas tree. the man hangs another snow doll in the christmas tree which looks very pretty.
video for how any can  decorating a chrismas tree
a person hangs snowman and penguin ornaments on a tree.
a christmas tree decoration with two personalized lamps.
a man wearing white outfits is speaking in front of a car
a man in white giving interview, where a big white car is in the background.
an actor in costume of elvis presley.
a guy with white outfit in front of car is talking to others.
the person with white dress is talking on a tv program.
a person speaking about his role in movie
the background car stand in the man inside.
a man wearing white costume talking
a man is speaking to man, and they are all laughing.
a comedian dressed as elvis on a talk show.
a scary series of shots leading up to the discovery of a clown doll
there are 2 men in a scary house, and there is a weird ventriloquist clown.
someone is watching a movie with a clown in it.
trailer scene of a horror movie with clown doll
a scene from a movie with two men and a haunted clown caricature.
an abandoned house with open windows and a scary doll.
flowing curtains and scared people are shown then pennywise appears.
a very eerie and dark scene where glimpses of objects are temporarily lit ending with a man saying she's here.
sentence 1:images flash between black screens with creaking sounds in the background
a horror movie scene from an english film
the elecronic device is man explain in the screen.backround pc mechanic in the man.
a person talking about plugin cables into a pc.
man speaking while the back and inside of a computer cabinet is displayed
a man showing pieces of equipment from a computer
a guy in black t-shirt plugging wire into a cpu.
there is a person who is talking about a computer build.
a man is assembling the computer and attaching a graphic card to cpu
a person is working on something inside a room
a male giving an presentation of how to set up a certain type of electronic.
a man wearing spectacles and black t-shirt sitting at the table with opened cpu cabinet of computer and explains.
a person with black t shirt is singing in the stage.
man making an artistic presentation for a huge plateau
a boy is singing to an audience.
a guy with black top is doing voice acting on the stage of vietnam got talent.
a boy in black t-shirt with mike produce some music in a stage and it was listen by number of audience.
a man is playing music on the stage
a stage performer performs voice music mixing in front an audience.
a crouching man on a stage starts to harmonize in front of a seated audience.
an asian man is making funny sounds on a stage.
the person on the stage is performing by making sounds on the microphone.
a man and women singing a song and audience  are appreciating
a man is singing a song in the mic and he moves it towards the tall woman by his side
a boy and a girl are singing in a concert
he didn't expect this beautiful girl to have an angel's voice when he handed her his microphone, but he was surprised
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a man in a suit is singing and passes the microphone to a woman in the audience to sing
a man in a suit is interviewing a lady in a blue dress
a man and woman are singing song in the mike
a couple is singing in a karaoke and the woman does it very well
a gun in suite is singing on mic and making a girl also sing.
a jet passing by very fast in the sky over a deserted area leaving the traces of cold clouds behind it.
there is a road and there is an airplane that zooms by really fast.
military aircraft with going down on the sky with fast speed
a fighting aircraft approaches from the distance and flies at an incredible speed over a long road.
person filming from a road the passage of a fighter jet through the sky
a flying vehicle moved within a fraction of a second, it looks like jet
a long narrow road with no vehicles, all of a sudden a plane flies on the scene with great speed
a jet travels really very high and fast across the sky.
it has an empty road with scrub beside it and a blue sky. a jet plane passes at high speed above the road.
an air plane is zooming fast over the head of the motorway in a blue sunny sky.
an egg is being cooked in a black wok and the chef is flipping the egg and being fancy.
a cook in white dress making some dish with a black bowl pan with the flame on starring with the oil.
chef shows the preparation of egg omlette dish in the hotel kitchen
a chef is cooking an omellete while flipping it in a hot wok.
in the kitchen a chef frying and flipping egg.
comeone cooking a meal in an industrial kitchen with a wok
a chef is busy preparing food alone in kitchen
a chef with white work suit is cooking the omelette by frying in a wok.
the chef is stirring the food in the vessel and turning it.
a chef is preparing a dish in the kitchen
showing the design of a car for a specific game.
there is  two cars that seem to be from the famous video game gta
a vehicle wrap imitating a  louis vuitton hand bag
a luxury car wrapped with a custom designed vinyl print
a man is introducing a new vehicle wrap.
a black car parked in front of a building
the man talks about the skins of a car in game.
a windsor wrapped in a black and yellow high luxury custom wrap, one of the eight available.
a man explaining about a black  racing car
the black car with yellow trim and symbols is parked on the street.  the black car with low riding tires is parked next to a truck.
a cheetah runs towards other nearby animals lying down.
they comment on the lioness when they see several lions hunting.
large group of leos being filmed together in a vegetation area
a female lion is trotting across the savannah to join her pride who are feasting over a carcass.
a tiger after being lost in the desert forest finds his family and runs eagerly to join them.
a female lion jogs across the desert to her pack.
a lioness runs through a dusty plain and joins her pride eating an animal.
a lioness is running across the grass and joins in with a pack.
there is a lion that is trotting to a dead animal so it can eat it.
lioness approaches her flock that is feeding on some animal
woman holding up stacked toy cars in the living room of a house.
an adult woman having three car toys and a crane toy calls someone for help.
a woman wearing a white tee shirt hold a serie of toy cars
a lady is performing a song in a stage
a girl with blue colour t.shirt playing with car
a women with blue and red car calling her children to play.
woman is holding three cars and a toy tractor stacked
adult woman stacking toy cars
her mom playing the kids car one above one this very noughty.
woman in yellow pants holding several toy cars
a person is using a glue gun to attach cardboard wings to a paper towel roll.
a man working on something marks some line on a object
vision of the final part of a paper missile
a person uses hot glue to glue 3 pieces of cardboard to the end of a cardboard tube.
a person is doing arts and crafts and this person glues several cardboard fins on to a brown cylinder.
in order to make a cardboard hand craft, the maker is using gum to stick the cardboard
man making paper plane with hot glue.
a person glues cardboard propellers to a roll to make a paper airplane
person making the tail of a cardboard plane
showing how to make a supersonic paper airplane.
the animated cartoon character is walking forward with a smiling face.
mickey mouse is walking down a colorful path surrounded by trees and greenery.
mickey mouse approaches walking along a road in the middle of the pasture and cheerful
mikey mouse walking down a road with several green trees wrapped around talking to the audience that watches him
micky mouse comes dancing all the way and introducing himself .
micky mouse in cartoon is walking on road and saying hi everybody
micky mouse comes forward and says something then he pretend like listening to our reply.
mickey mouse walks up a path and introduces himself and asks if the person wants to join his clubhouse.
mickymouse walking in the forest
mickey mouse is walking down a pathway in a forest and talks to the camera.
this game is very dangerous game.
a player in the white team ran across the field passing all the opponents in a football match.
the rugby game is going on in the stadium.
player with white shirt with number 10 and green pants gets rid of opponents and moves forward holding the ball
two national players  playing football concentration the game.
deshaun jackson takes it all the way for a touchdown with no time left to seal the eagles victory over the giants in week 15.
the rugby player is running with the ball while other players try to tackle it.
the number 10 jersey player running through his opponents to get a score.
a football team just beat the opponent and won the game.
in a football game there is a run of about 60 yards on the touchdown
a snowman with a hat and scarf is holding the hand of a young boy as they fly away.
the man is walking around with the snowy character.
a snowman and boy in pajamas are running as snow is falling  and then they take flight.
a cartoon snowman runs in the snow holding a boy in pajamas hand and then lifts him off his feet in the air.
there is a snowman in a hat who takes the hand of a child and then starts to fly away.
an animated snowman is holding a boys hand and they fly off together.
a cartoon snowman is running with a cartoon boy.
an animated snowman runs with a boy through a snowy field before they both begin to fly.
a large snowman wearing a hate and tie fly off holding a young child.
a snow man and a little boy run across a snowy landscape.
two men in a small tank shoot off the weapon.
some people are standing in a usa miliatary vehicle.
two men fire stuff off in tanks that are big.
two men in an american made tank fire a shot in the desert.
two men sit atop a green tank as dirt blows across the ground.
some one is watching a video and there are some explosion.
two men sit in a giant tank that they fire off in an open deserted setting.
men in a tank shooting toward a mountain.
there are some people on a tank and there is a lot of dust flying around.
two men in civilian clothes shoot the main gun on an old tank with an army jeep next to it.
three men sitting and one standing inside a music studio
four friends making fun of by singing prides of others where everyone enjoys well
a man standing is speaking is laughing and other people are appriciating him
man with colored hair standing in the middle of friends screaming.
four boys are hooting.
one person speaking there  members clapping
there are a group of guys in a recording studio and one of them makes a speech
there are four people among them three of people claping and remaining person is making fun
a man with long curly hair standing while three of his friends sitting behind him are clapping and cheering him
a man in black dress is talking and others are clapping.
an image of a car. in the video a rap song plays.
a music is played focussing on brown color car standing in a shed
photo of a golden luxury limousine to the some music
photograph of a light brown vintage car parked.
with the nice music theme a benz type in brown color showed up in the car set/mechanic shop.
a classic gold colored car is shown with background music
there is a car which is in gold color
image of an antique car painted in gold
a beautiful gold car packed in a garage.
one is singing a song about the car
a man is engaged in playing guitar as alos singing alone
a man shot his guitar playing video and asked the people to like, comment and subscribe to his channel
a man different types of music in the violin telling about
person in a blue blouse holding his guitar
a person in blue tshirt playing a guitar and 'thanks for watching video!' massage on the screen.
a person is holding onto a guitar while speaking at the audience.
a boy thanks the viewer for watching while holding the guitar.
man with the guitar commenting some.
the man is thanking his audience for watching his performance.
an artist is thanking all for watching his video with holding his guitar in his hand.
an interview with 2 guys and 1 women and they are all dressing as superheroes.
in the live tv shows anchor is talking with participants
a presenter with suits are interviewing two guys and a girl outdoors.
there is an interview with the bat man
one guy is interviewing stage performers before their act
newsman in grey blazer is interviewing teamates in red, blue, and yellow outfits.
two super heroes are talking to the interviewer and a girl is there in the video
the persons are talking over an interview for a news channel.
a man in steel gray coat holding mike two man and a girl wearing some superman costume
actor and actress are speaking in the tv reports
there is a man driving a car on the road
a person trying to merge into traffic on a busy road.
someone driving a car, to wait for the cars on the other street to pass
through a view from inside a vehicle, cars pass along a busy street.
shooting in a car, preparing for driving onto a busy highway
cockpit view of a car driving out of a parking location, then waiting to join the traffic.
a man is driving a car
one person is driving a car and another is going on the road
a person taking video from inside the car, many cars are going in the street
someone is driving a red car and is waiting the road to be clear so he can go
a man is unboxing a colorfabb 3d printing filament
in the video shows some very important tool for use
a small box with a wheel for some electronic or mechanical equipment.
man talking about a circular format piece being taken out of a box
a man opens a white cardboard box and extracts a plastic-wrapped metallic disc.
a man describing a printing product that has been sitting on his shelf for over a year.
a person opening the box and take the object
a box that says color fabb that sits on a machine is opened by two hands.
the man in the background explaining about the features of the colorfab company  3d printing filament product.
a man unboxing a roll of 3d printer tape
spiderman jumps off the side of a building and catches his web as he swings through the city streets.
spider-man jumps from a ledge and swings on the buildings below.
the superhero spiderman jumps from a building doing acrobatics and loosening webs.
a red color dressed spider man running and falling from top to the road side.
spider-man runs and jumps off a building then uses his webs
spider-man is hanging out in new york city, swinging around amidst skyscrapers.
the superhero spiderman jumping around new york city looking to save someone
spiderman is jumping from high building to down and again up
spiderman is running on a building and then jumps right off it.
spiderman jumps off the top of a tall building in new york city. he free falls until the last minute then catches himself and swings through the streets.
video of a pickup truck going through a tunnel
a black pickup truck coming and going in a tunnel. a song is playing in the background.
we can see ford car that is traveling under a tunnel at night
different vissions of a  big car inside a tunnel.
a very big car inside a tunnel at night time
a truck is moving in tunnel and a song is playing in background
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
the black double cab pickup truck cruises through the underground tunnel.
a preview of a person's truck driving through a tunnel with music overtop
brown pickup truck riding on a covered track.
a women drinking a juice and after that she likes it.
a woman taking a sip of a beverage, saying it taste sweet.
a girl in a maroon shirt takes a sip of a tropical looking drink.
young, attractive woman tries a sweet drink that contains alcohol.
woman in brown color dress was placed with a juice in front of her. she tastes the juice by taking a sip and says its sweet
a women in maroon tshirt sitting on a chair is drinking a sip of  drink and commenting on its taste.
a girl is tasting a alcohol beverage and talking to someone.
a woman in maroon dressing is tasty juice drinking on the table
girl trying a drink in a decorated cup and showing surprise by the taste
a woman in black top is enjoying some drink
the man make chain spracket and hold it the vehicle
fixing a little child's bike toy that needed fixing
hitting gears on a toy motorcycle
a man is trying to remodling a bike.
the toy bike is a smallest one day make
the man making one bike with new features and explaining it's functionality.
a man is putting the finishing touches on the motor cycle.
a man is making kids yellow bike and a person explaining the parts of bike.
a person working on something in his workshop
the chain sprocket of the bike is seen and a person is talking about it.
guy on stage singing song while a guy in white t-shirt listens to it carerfully.
man singing an emotional song on x-factor and simon cowel's reaction.
simon cowell listening to an audition on america got talent.
a white t shirt man sit in the chair
very sad events and like for judge eye changing this line.
here is a clip of simon cowell getting emotional over a singer.
he is the judge for stage shows
in this video we can see a man thinking and other man singing a song
simon is sitting with white top on while listening to the singer singing on the stage.
a person in white shirt is listening a song from a person standing on a stage so deeply.
a guy in a suit is walking down a hall, and a lady gives him a hug.
this scene from sade's 'smooth operator 'video shows a man wearing a black suit walking to a woman wearing a black dress to hug her.
loud music is played as a well dressed man walks over and hugs a woman in a dress.
a clip from the music video smooth operator.
a man in a fancy suit is in a room with many chandeliers approaches a woman in a dress.
a movie scean of a man walking  into a room  then hugs another woman tight.
a man in assuit walks through a club towards a woman who rises from a chair and hugs him.
a man is in a night club and approaches a woman who gives him a hug
there is a guy in a suit that is talking to a lady
a man in a black suit looks back as he heads into a room to hug a woman in a blue dress
two guys explaning about gitar.
a guy with curly hair wearing logo t shirt is holding a guitar and talking to other guy.
commenting on the guitar.
two men whith the same black t-shirt andertons are talking, the men on the left with a big affro like ahire is holding a guitar green and red, they are both inside a music store very well litted
the man with black t-shirt explaining about guitar to another black t-shirt man.
the black t-shirt guy explaining about the strings in the guitar to the viewers.
two boys in black shirt are standing in a guitar shop and the boy with curly long hairs is telling about the functions of guitar that it's a good option to buy this type of guitar.
two persons explain some musical instruments
hairy man showing a green guitar to another man with a beard.
two people are explain the violin in the mall
a comedian wearing a green shirt talks with a host of a late night show.
jay leno talking to a guest making jokes about not having hair
a talk show host is talking to a guest as they have a conversation, while the audience reacts.
it is a show where the host famous people and the two men are having a conversation, and laughing.
jay leno and another comedian talk and laugh as the audiences laughs during a television show.
two men are sitting besides one another talking and laughing
a t.v. show host makes fun of a comedian.
a male guest laughing and talking with jay leno on the jay leno show.
jay leno is interviewing louis c.k and making a joke about having a full head of hair.
guest star appears on the jay leno show and makes a guest appearance
couple of young friends enjoys in the snow area out in the road.
a boy falling on the road and another man picking him up.
a man has fallen on the ice and another man is lifting him up
a person falls over on icy surface. the cameraman is having a laugh at this.
a man pulling up a man with laugh who fell in the snow.
some guy is laughing while the guy fall down and another guy is helping him out to stand up
a guy with black coat fell down on the snowy floor and other one is pulling him up.
a man fell down and the other person giving him hand to make him stand
a boy is laughing seating on the snow near black car and a man is pulling his hand to make him stand
a boy slip in the ground and take hands to him by another person
a cat staring at a plush face and then attacking him fiercely.
a cat is dancing and playing with a toy.
a cat is playing in front of the fish like doll and suddenly catch the cat
the cat was dancing and stuck his head in the mouth of the stuffed alien.
a cat was getting ready to fight with the toy,but his head got stuck into the mouth of the toy.
a cat is watching a toy  and the attached on his face
a person films a cat that prepares and attacks an alien pillow
a tan and white cat pounces and its head enters a green toy with three eyes mouth.
a cat attacks a stuffed alien head while a person in the background laughs.
cat is trying to eat the fish bbut not he can do that
a hand holds a yellow paper tube and the other hand cuts slits into it, then the other hand takes a paintbrush and dabs the slits.
a person is doing some sort craft to make something.
a diy video showing some experiment.
a person is cutting and painting an object
someone one is making some thing and gluing it.
a woman cutting a tube of paper and then painting glue onto it.
someone hands are seen doing a diy project with a brush in one hand and a paper cylinder on the other hand.
in this video we can see two hands making a paper manuality
a person is painting with the paint brush
music plays while someone paints a small craft tube.
a man in a red and white swatshirt and jeans sings and dances on a stage before an audience.
the man is standing on stage and performing the concert there.
chris brown likes to dance on stage and get the crowd excited
a singer/rapper pointing his mic to the crowd, which starts singing the chorus of his song.
a vocal performer wearing a red and white shirt walks on a stage and puts his mike before the audience.
a singer in a red sweatshirt on stage in front of a large audience.
a man on stage performing during a concert
a singer performing a certain song on the stage
a person in a red hoodie is jumping up and down a stage.
this man is having a big concerts for his fans.
the stock market trading graphs are put on screen
breaking news on s&p market lows and recovery details
display of a graphic on a news channel talking about tech sector
it seems stock market status, share value  increase.
a news reader reads about the average recovery about off bear market lows with graphs.
a graph showing the values of the stock market.
a stock market ups and downs are represented on the graph
news of the s&p 500 recovery and this is breaking news.
a person speak a breaking news
a news report shows how the stock market is running with it's lows and highs.
a man talks about shopping and what is a sign of a deal closed.
both man are walking on the road and talking with other
long haired asian man in shop witnesses the mechanics of consumerism.
a man showing supermarket.
there is a mall and a man standing there describing about the business there.
a man speaking english explaining what his surroundings are like in a store in another country.
a person wearing blue t shirt and buying something in mall
brunette man with blue shirt and black bag looking on his cell phone in the middle of a mall with several people and salespeople around then an asian man with tied dark hair and glasses with a gray shirt starts talking and gesturing behind him several people and signs in chinese with different colors
in market place a man in grey color tshirt standing in the center and telling about some.
men with glasses and blue blouse in asian market.
a large cargo ship is carrying two ships on it and sailing on water
a blue marlin cargo  ship can be seen.
a huge red colored ship moving through the sea
blue marlin is a ship painted in red and have lots of decks for shipping.
una grande nave cargo rossa sta trasportando altre navi
the female talks about the ship named blue marlin.
a women explaining a blue marlin ship in a video.
a blue marling is very heavy cargo ship which can load 1000 tonns of objects
blue marling ship with base painted red on a sail.
a red ship with white dock just camera moves around this ship
one black dog is getting in his cage and another white dog is saying something to him
cartoon of talking dog walking through one surrounded by a hole in the cradle
a dog is barking at other dog in cartoon clip
animated dog crawling under fence while speaking english.
frightened dog goes back inside the cage
one cartoon dog backs into cage and another crawls through the fencing to get out.
a brown dog backs into an open cage while a smaller white dog with brown markings crawls under a wire fence and talks to him.
drawing that a dog running away from the cage
two old couples smiling on a photo in front of a building
two cartoon dogs talking humanly to each other while one retrieves inside the cage.
there is a person teaching people who to make a knot.
there is a guy tying a knot with a string and using his hands
a mans hands are seen in the video holding two different colored threads and he is explaining how to tie a knot.
a guy is connecting some string together.
a man explaining how to join two different colored material in his hand.
two hands are holding a short red string over a black board.
a voice is explaining a blood knot.  the video focuses on the string and the speaker's hands.
hands bind a green thread with a red thread
a person keep a thread type of red and yellow color material in hand to connect to material.
a man describing about some string in a video.
the people are all standing together and dancing around.
a large group of people are dancing on a tan tiled floor with a white smiley face painted in the center.
there is a group people dancing to a song.
a group of many people doing a fun line dance.
a big group of people dressed in bright colors dance in unison to the song party rock anthem, while a crowd watches.
alot of people are dancing to loud music with unison dance moves. people are watching and cheering
a large group of about 50 people may be flash mobbing as others look on.
a group of people were excited to perform their dance steps tonight.
large group of young people doing a coordinated dance in a town center.
a colorful crown in an outside mall setting is dancing in unison to an upbeat salsa song.
the flight is flying on the sky and landed down to its surface
the person is talking about a military aircraft flying in the sky.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man in black paint is doing some stunts on a skate board
a review of a very big military plane with four engines
video of a man commenting on an airplane
a military aeroplane - the lockheed martin c130j super hercules taxis on a runway
presenting the plane super hercules
an aeroplane  is moving and a person is explaining  about the aeroplane
there is a grey jet flying, while you hear mono log about this particular military transport.  it is said, that this is the lockheed martin c-130 j super hercules.  it has a 4 engine turbo, and is one of the military's transport.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the hands of someone painting something little with red
in times of pandemic how can we preserve our mental health while being at home? simple, with crafts
some one is making a hand craft art
a woman is coloring on something.
a woman painting a small piece of color red
a woman with pink painted nails is painting something red with a brush.
a girl with pink nail polish paints a small object
a girl with red nail polish is painting a bolt with red water color in a perfect manner
a person is trying to fix something with gum.
a cartoon character is seated next to the text of animal farm.
a male provides a show that discusses violent scenes of animals of on a farm show is called animal farm.
the video reports a drawing of a doll on a newspaper stand
very interesting the way the video shows your message in a creative and funny way
warning that video contain some adult content
animal farm colour by technicolor is seen on the screen then a cartoon image of bear .
a coward guy speaks about animal farm.
one person is warning about animal violance in his video
a blue screen witha a boy picture and a video clipings at the side.
a boy enjoys watching cartoon which is related to animal farms.
a girl showing how she fills her missing eyebrows
a girl explains and demonstrate about the make-up things
a woman showing how to fill in eye brows.
a lady in video teaching how can made your  eyebrow by color
a young woman with light brown long hair wearing a black shirt is paint her eyebrows with a paint-brush in a studio with a light green background
a woman is teaching a makeup tutorial on how to do your eyebrows.
the pretty woman is fixing her eyebrow with makeup
a girl is making eyebrows with the help of brush on her face
a women is make up herself and showing how to do make up
this is a girl on a youtube clip talking about how to put eyebrows on.
a person uses a shaping tool to mold dough into a shape.
a baker is shaping and placing frosting on a cake shaped like a human.
a person having knife and doing statue with cake flour
a person is carving a cake to make features for a design and covers the cake with icing
someone is making a meal, drawing a doll, wearing blue gloves.
artist sculpts intricate structures from a seemingly butterlike substance.
a white person with blue gloves shaping a dough and covering with filling on a white board
1. a worker from bakery cut the sweet breads look like human shafe
someone is creating some three dimensional image using bread and cream
a person with blue gloves is molding a face figure with cake.
a young penguin cries as his mother comforts him and looks for first aid.
the two penguins are next to each other on the snow.
a baby penguin telling her mother that she is hurt on her head.
a young penguin has been hurt, an older penguin consoles the injured one and then goes to the first aid kit to get a bandage.
ping is complaining of a headache but when his mom goes to get it, it's no longer there because his dad already got it.
toy penguins are animated to comfort and offer first aid to each other.
a mother penguin is dealing with her baby penguin and is giving her baby first aid treatment
animated mothering penguin get first aid for a child crying penguin.
a red beak mother penguin consoles a tearful baby penguin before  retrieving  an object from a red and white first aid cabinet.
baby penguin crying hurt his head. daddy penguin made some kind of patch and mama penguin checked the first aid kit
a black dressed man standing near the door
george lopez making a joke about his daughter and get roasted
it close ups to a house. there's a father yelling at his daughter to get out of the shower. another daughter comes around in a pink sweater
a man talks to a person in the bathroom and a young woman with a pink blouse appears.
a scene from a funny series.
a man wearing a black shirt is standing near the door and talking.
an american series where actors perform in front of a bathroom.
atÃ© first there is a house, after that a person insine the house outside the bathroom talking tÃ´ someone insiste of it
in a home man and a girl is standing and speaking
a guy with grey top was talking while the lady in pink talked back at him.
a guy is showing how to construct a shingle roof.
a tattooed man uses a yellow nail gun and places nails into floor planks as he starts in the top left corner of the room to place a new floor.
guy teaching us how to install hardwood floors
a man is using a powertool and explaining how to fix a floor.
a white guy with tatoos is on knees laying some flooring.
an individual explains that he had already installed shingles, then he begins laying wood and using a nail gun to attach it to the floor.
a man presses upon a black floor and then places a piece of wood in an area.
the person was doing something with the wood along the ground.
a person is placing some wooden pieces against the floor and then he starts to use his drill.
a tattooed man is installing a row of shingles into a room.
a boy in regular cloths transforms into a boy in green superhero clothing.
a boy spins around and turns into a superhero wearing green who has the power to read.
a superhero character flys in and spins around as the ground breaks and the word read comes in.
there is a little boy on the screen who wants to tell people how to read
a boy turns into a superhero whose power is reading.
the young boy is standing with the green pass in the back.
there is a young boy who transforms into a superhero named super why and he has the power to read.
an animated boy names super why in a green outfit shows the power of reading
someone is looking a cartoon video with a boy in it.
a cartoon character jumps and spins before being placed on the word read.
a guy showing a robot, and talking a little bit about it
showing a cartoon character creating from lego
a dinosaur made out off lego
the robot that is looking like a diyanoseros standing on the metal surface
commenting on the lego dinosaur.
in this video we can see a gray lego made dinosaur
there is a toy that looks like a giant lizard monster.
a robot looks to be just ready in a room
explanation of a plastic animal that will be animated
a creature made of lego, it look like godzilla made of legos.
there is a fort here and a beautiful drawing has been made on the fort.
a huge historical structure is shown with many pillars
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
an egyptian rocky structure filled with hieroglyphs on its surface
a building with lots of the art carving on the walls and pilars.
a rising shot of egyptian hieroglyphics on the wall of a monument.
a large and ancient monument is shown with all sorts of inscriptions on the side. the old building is light brown.
looking up at a scaling wall of egyptian architecture in the sunlight.
a building with variety of craft designs shows from bottom to top
music plays as a camera pans the height of a stone structure depicting egyptian scenes carved in the stone.
two men in yellow jackets on an airstrip signaling for a jet to take off.
the airplane is running in the runway when the person says go.
a military airplane taking off
yellow shirt guy giving direction to take off for the jet from the airport station
two men, dressed all in yelow are on the runway where they direct a small aeroplane to take-off.
two men in yellow dress are signing to move the air craft and the air craft moved
two men are giving some signals to the plan standing near them and then the plane took its way to runway
two men stands besides an aircraft and gives signal for the aircraft take off
men in a boat giving the ok so the fighter plane takes flight
the men are instructing the plane when to take off.
a group of people walking in a large building as a man and woman talk about the best bands.
people walk inside a large shed and a man and a woman speak during the video.
the commentators tell about a band as the video shows people moving away.
there are people walking around and they are looking lost
a dance performing group of ladies walking forward, surrounded by soldiers or guards.
two persons are talking about a band
there is a group of people walking inside a venue.
the group singers are playing music and some people are get away from the function
a man and a woman comment on the goodness of a band.
some people are walking. someone is recording and discussing about them.
a person working on some machine is explaining something
the man explain the baby trolley in handling
man presenting product of black colored baby stroller and 3 locomotion wheels
a man showing a vehicle or other thing not clear
the man is describing about the baby cradle.
a man wearing grey long sleeve shirt touching a black stroller.
a man is giving demo about a product,which looks like a trolley.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a man in a gray shirt shows and explains how a baby stroller works.
a man is talking while examing a baby stroller and explaining about it.
a robot riding with black and orange toy pieces on a rug.
a boy talking about how to make a robot in the diy show.
a little boy built a lego man and shows it to his spectators
a little boy introduces himself and says how excited he is to make how to make videos
a boy bringing a lego toy looking like a crocodile to show how to make it.
boy plays with a black dinosaur assembled from lego cubes
out of black dotted connected sheets a boy has done and describing a craft work of making a dragon
footage of  young boy describing how to make a lego creature.
a boy is showing his black lego toy that he made
explanation to the robt process
people in colorful clothes some playing musical instruments floats
scene of upmini and women singing together
there is a crowd of asian folks brightly dressed and they appear to be celebrating with loud voices and music.
the old ladies are dancing.
someone is looking at a chines video with lots of people.
lot a person singing the song and dance to the party
it looks like a video clip of an east asian comedy production.
in the function peoples are happy and enjoy dancing.
a group of asian people are dancing and chanting while observing in an outdoor parade.
some asian people wearing strange clothes make a ceremony.
a pretty gold and green bird flies onto a branch with a fish in it's mouth, turns around on the branch and eats the fish.
a bird getting on a branch with a fish in its mouth.
music plays as a bird lands on a tree branch and gobbles its prey.
a bird in slow motion landing on a branch with a fish in it's mouth.
a green and gold bird perched on a tree branch eating a fish.
there is a long stick and on it grows a green scaley moss and algea.
a bird flies upon a branch with a fish in its beak, as music plays in the background.
bird holds a bug in the mouth and eats it soon.
a clip shows a bird sitting on a branch and devouring a fish, music plays in the background.
a beautiful bird has hunted a little fish and eating little fish
a man skateboards and does a cool trick.
a man in white clothes skates down the street.
a man wearing a white t-shirt is skateboarding on the road
the man going on the skating.
a man wearing white t shirt is skating is crossing the hurdles with skate board
a young man makes a radical move on his skateboard.
a white male skateboarder is shown doing a trick.
a boy is doing skateboarding.
a man in white t-shirt skating with skateboard on the road
nice white guy on the skate is making some tricks on it
a woman in a nude bathing suit laying on the black floor.
a girl felt the sad song lonely standing.
music clip where you have a woman.
a woman and a brown body suit floats backwards from view.
a group of people lying on the floor near lamps
a child is crying while the guy holding him is laughing
a lady lies half dead on the floor with multiple bodies around.
a woman in a leotard lays in the middle of several bright lights.
girl wast on top of the ceiling and gave a bose to get hotos
a young girl is laying down in swimming dress and four men are around her with only half pants.
an elegant man gets up from his chair and he is about to leave the room
a  well dressed gentleman apologizing with apt guster .
a person is suddenly standing while talking
a man in a suite stands upand sincerly appoligizes.
a man wearing a suit stood up and speaking  in the hall
the man with the black suite is standing from the chair and talking.
a man speaks with somebody wearing formal suits in the house
a man is wearing a suit in an office and is getting up.
in this video a man is sit down in a chair and then he stands up
a man in a suit and tie sitting in a chair in an office, the man stands up from the chair and says a few words shyly.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man doing comedy in front of people and sitting on chair
a man in a suit talking into a microphone sits in a large chair.
a man in black is sitting in a chair and holding a microphone, telling him something
george lopez wears a dark suit and performs comedy in front of a crowd.
a man is standing up and then sitting on a reddish chair while talking into a microphone.
a man is speaking in the mike.
a man in a suit sits down in a red chair.
a man in a black suit speaking into the microphone and sitting in a red armchair
a man talking making gesture and sitting on chair.
the female is talking about a news with the picture being displayed.
news report about little girl with her photo on the screen
a baby is tell and worth it that baby and good smile like me.
a white dressing girl smiling
a screen shows a picture of a little girl while others talk about her.
a news report from abc news about somebody who tweeted to megyn kelly about ana grace marquez greene
a news channel is telling about a girl name ana grace
news reader reads the news about the girl child in tv channel
show a news story about a child.
photos of twitter screen shot are showing in the news
two giraffes seem to play with each other with neck shots
two giraffe playing with each other in the forest and many other giraffe standing behind them
pair of giraffes standing in a field playing by smacking their necks together.
two giraffes fighting with each other near the water area
male giraffes are combatting each other over dominance of the herd.
giraffes interacting in the savannah turning their head
a nature video featuring five giraffes on a savanna is narrated by a women.  two of the male giraffes are swinging their heads and necks at one another.
two giraffes swing their necks at each other while another one watches
three giraffes fight each other to decide who is in control of the herd
two giraffes fighting to be leader of the heard.
an episode of avatars where dangerous criminal had finally been neutralized.
man telling a story of comic book characters
this video is explain  to the robot fighting
a man with a gimnastic body
a story board ,type comics, telling the action did by a super hero
two people in the game are boxing and one person down
a video game video about a criminal that has been defeated
a news article about a criminal is explained by the background voice.
the animated photos are previewing and some one is giving voice over
two game characters are fighting with each other with one knocked other one out.
a lady driving down the street with a big pretty field view.
someone driving a car and showing a side indicator
one person is driving a car on countryside.
cockpit view of a car. the driver activates the turn-light.
a man is driving a car on the road.
a man driving a car and turning on the traffic light at some point.
a person is driving a honda car, wearing a dark long sleeved t-shirt.
a guy is operating car steering and driving a car. .
a car with black steering wheel is heading fast.
someone is driving a honda on the street and indicates a turn.
a man performing a lovely music in front an audience in a studio stage.
a man is singing a beautiful song at jt show
a boy is singing on the stage
a man in black coat and black pant with a light pink shirt standing on a stage and singing a song while holding the mic.
a young handsome man singing a song in front of the audience
a man in a black suit is singing a nice song
justin timberlake sings a song in a tv show, while the camera is orbiting around him.
a man with black suit is holding a microphone and singing on a stage.
a person is singing on the stage.
a person in a black coat is holding a mike and singing in front of huge audience.
a butterfly emerging from a larva after undergoing transformation.
it is a time-lapse of a monarch butterfly hatching from its cocoon.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a chrysalis opens up into a beautiful orange and black butterfly.
there is a butterfly in multiple colour come out of vesica and sit on the vesica.
a yellow-black butterfly appears from the pupa and spreads its wings
from a caterpillar cocoon a butterfly is born with predominantly orange wings
there is a multi-colored butterfly and going inside and doing something
a baby butterfly just coming out from the shell
a butterfly emerges from its cocoon and its orange and black
one dog is trying to come out of cage and barking
it was a dog in a cage
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
a beautiful puppy dog â€‹â€‹barks from inside the doghouse
a small and cute dog in jail trying to escape
white dog with gray spots behind a grid
there is a black and white dog that is stuck in a cage.
a black and white dog with blue eyes inside a cage.
a cute black and white puppy in a cage barking
a dog in its kennel looking for a place to get out
this kid is having fun on his green dirt motor bike on the dirt.
a bike rider is testing his nike watched by others
a person is riding a green and white color dirt bike in a dirt bike track.
a man riding his motorcycle on the road in the circle
a small child riding around on a dirt bike.
a young boy is riding his dirt bike in the dirt while being watched by an adult.
child with equipment and rider's clothing does driving training with child-sized motorcycle
a boy wearing green motorcycling outfit riding a motocross on a green motorcycle
a kid on a green miniature dirt bike navigates an obstacle course while several adults watch.
a boy riding the sports bike with helmet and jacket in the training track
an animated giraffe is digging a hole in the desolate land.
a animated giraffe digs a large hole in a field with his front hooves and then jumps into the hole.
a giraffe is digging a hole in the ground with ruthless efficiency.
there is a forest girafee running and hide under the land
a giraffe is digging a hole and it finally falls down inside.
a giraffee digs the ground, and falls into the pit of mud.
a cartoon clip showing a ziraffe acting crazy
an animated giraffe character is frantically digging a whole with his feet while music plays in the background before it jumps in.
the cartoon character giraffe is digging the ground and falls inside.
a giraffe is digging the ground, and then it goes inside the hole.
a group of youngsters are enjoying in the stage.
a group of people are stage performing and then a green cross showing up
many members is acting in the end of of the story.
three coupls are meet the place, and one couple is very romantic mood and enjoyful.
shooting site of a film couples performing romance.
multiple people are making out with each other during the aftermath of a party.
a group of pople who have romatic chemistry
three couple enjoy for the time and some one people kiss the time.
three couple sit in a room and one couple is kissing
six person are sitting and a couple is kissing eachother.
top view of a wave at sea
deep blue ocean with full of water bubbling white out
camera taking a shot over the ocean and you see movement.
someone is watching a netflix video of the ocean
video of fish swimming with the word netflix in the upper right corner.
a part of a sea with some sudden movements surfacing.
a swarm of sea animals is doing something in the sea.
a cluster of fish moving in the sea
a video showing large movement of fishes in a sea water.
a beautiful blue sea, but there is something strange in the water
a animatronic robot skeleton is stomping towards the camera. the person flashes their camera onto a closed door, and then a robot appears in front of the camera, and then another robot skeleton appears.
a music video for five nights at freddy's.
a robot animal with big sharp claws is walking around looking for something or someone.
there is a robot that is walking into a room and he is scanning the room and looking for something.
music to the incredible monster getting ready to strike.
a horror music video that has robots signing the song and lyrics showing on the screen simultaneously. could also be karaoke?
this is a music video of a skeleton dinosaur.
some one is playing some music about nowhere to run.
a music playing inside your heart no no place
a large metal robot monster approaches with fiery teeth and eyes.
a women is giving a tour of her closet and organization.
a women is showing the contents of her wardrobe.
a woman is talking about organize her closet
woman showing off her organized closet with drawers
a woman is showing and explaining how clothes are organized in her closet.
a lady with a british accent is showing off her closet and telling you what are in the drawers.
an english woman describing the organization of her closet.
a woman points at the items in her closet.
the person is talking as they open the white container.
a girl in yellow dress is showing her properly settled clothes in her wardrobe,tgat she has made sections properly for her underwear and other dresses
the words end of earth appear while a volcano is in the background and then there are images of a game that appears to be a first person shooter.
start of a computer game end of the earth with their screen save
a cramped brick room and a brown wooden window.
black and orange peak with sayings about the end of the earth.
video begins with the title end of earth title and then goes to a minecraft game.
a green field with a brown mountain in background then a text appears that says end of earth
the words 'end of earth' is animated to zoom out from a mountain
enters the video game.
letters end of earth are appearing in front of the mountain like structure just before the video game starts.
brief recording of the scenario within a video game being played by a man
a lady in red top is showing how decorate places in the house.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
a woman in an orange shirt talks about throw pillows.
a woman is describing the different kinds of pillows.
woman talking to the camera about decorating tips.
a women wearing red color dress is explaining about the types of fabrics in the pillows
a woman in standing in front of sewing machine and speaking four pillows arranged in front of her
a blonde woman in a white room with blue squares painted on the wall, an open closet and a white table with several pillows on top
a orange dressed lady explaining about the small pillows that decorate houses.
a lady in orange shirt tries to explain about the various cushions kept in front of her on the table.
sprinkling salt and pepper on the cooking mushroom
mushrooms prepared by some salt pepper and integrdians were used
cooking and putting temppero into a meal
a video about how to cook mushrooms
fried mushrooms in a frying pan with salt.
in the video someone is making a very tasty and interesting food
golden mushrooms are being cooked in a pan while salt and pepper are added.
a mushroom is garnished with pepper and salt by chef
a person is preparing some food in kitchen
a dish with well cooked mushrooms in a pan with some toppings and spicy
mickey and his gang in the woods talking by a window.
mickey mouse talks to his friends as he walks, and they follow him.
mickey mouse was talking to daisy duck and goofy.
michey mouse is talking to his two friends .he goes and the two others follow him
mickey, daisy and goofy talk outside mickey's house
mickey mouse talking to goofy and daisy in the garden with a house in the background while walking.
mickey mouse is walking on grass with his friends following him
donald duck and goofy is following the micky mouse in a cartoon
micky mouse talks to daisy duck and goofy about donald duck outside the micky mouse clubhouse.
mickey mouse talks about how donald is looking for a pot of gold
a man in green pants wrestles a man in a blue outfit.
there are two people who are participating in a wrestling match.
the group of people are fighting in the arena.
two wrestlers struggle to overcome the other while announcers talk in the background.
there are people wrestling in the center of the stage
two wrestlers grapple with each other in an auditorium filled with a referee and an audience.
2 guys wrestling in a professional setting inside of a yellow and blue circle with referees on both sides and people sitting in bleachers all around.
a wrestling match between two men in the 145 lb weight category.
2 guys are wrestling in some sort of tournament,with one trying to get the other one down.
two amateur wrestlers begin a high school match
a man sing a song infront of the mic
a young man sings in what appears to be a disco
a man with his mouth open in front of a microphone with a green light behind.
a boy in green t-shirt is screaming on mike.
a man is shouting into the microphone in an effort to declare the validity of the end of his artistic statement.
a man wearing green t shirt is singing in front of a mouth
a scene at the end of a music video.
there's a man screaming into a microphone. there are lazers going on behind him.
a young man in green color t-shirt is singing
a man records a lomg non breaking voice in front of a mike
the dust storm is so strong it turn the car back around.
it was an video during some natural calamities such as tsunami or cyclone
the strength of a tsuname seen at close range, we cannot have a complete sense of how devastating it is until we witness it personally
a truck is driving down a road when a huge wave comes and crashes over the truck and road
there is a hurricane hitting a person car and damaging the surrounding
the tsunami waves hitting the city.
somebody is following a truck and is in a wind storm, dust flying all over which makes seeing difficult.
tsunami is happening to road side and car is dangerous zone
a huge wave enters on the road, there are some cars on the road and it seems dangerous.
a car is going on a road while a big cyclone wind appeared
video that remains motionless, looks like just an advertisement
a small duck is sitting amidst the misty grass and there comes wordings 'duckling' in front of it
hearing birds humming in the background of a still picture of a ducklings and a text as ducklings.
a text duckling appeared on the screen with some side headings
a little duckling with yellow fluffy fur is sitting on the grass.
the name ducklings and a duck sit in the grass
baby mallard duck which is born in a backyard flower pot in canada.
a newly born baby duck is sitting in the grass silently.
a small yellow duckling sits in the grass doing nothing with the word ducklings written in yellow in the foreground
the picture and duckling with some text is displayed with the background chirping sound of the bird.
a man wearing a black t-shirt talks about computer settings
a man sitting near to a desktop is explaining about the cpu kept opened.
middle aged man introduces a tutorial on pc related questions, such as how do i install windows, while sitting down next to a pc.
a bespectacled man wearing a black t shirt is sitting in front of the computer and speaking.
a guy with black t-shirt and speck explains the steps for windows installation.
a man is sitting at a desk surrounded with computer equipment listing off a series of questions people have about setting up a computer.
a person talk some information in front of camera
a man with glasses in a black t-shirt is talking while sitting by a computer.
the man in the video will explain in the tutorial how to install programs on the computer step by step
a computer geek is going to walk us through the instructions on how to get started installing windows.
um fogete muito grande sendo filmado de baixo para cima devagar
man gives information about the strength of material for missile
video showing a rocket which is waiting of take off
a spaceship showing the different levels on the ship.
person is talking about the rocket features to the peoples
the vacuum engines explanation this person
spacex space aircraft structure explaining
video is not play
a rocket is showcased on a space x event. elon musk is narrating the specifics.
a man talks about a rocket ship and there is some sort of echo.
a guy with black trainer is showing how to ride skateboard with his feet.
the person wearing black sneakers is standing on a skate board and shaking his leg.
a man explaing how to take position for scattering.
a man is instructing how to skate in the video
a boy in black shoes and pants gets on a black skateboard
a skateboarder going over foot position on a trick.
a skateboard trainer explaining how to set positioned on a skateboard.
there is a man wearing a shoe and stand
shows the legs of a man in black pants and black shoes with a white stripe on a black skateboard with a yellow stripe and showing the instructions for a maneuver
a close up of  sombodys  feet while standing on a skateboard showing how to do a trick.
its a vehicle assembling company,where we can see arrangements.two men are standing nearby.
a man is standing and watching while a robot moves a vehicle upside down.
there is a large yellow machine that is moving car parts around.
people driving machinery in the auto assembly industry
a guy operating a machine
a piece of yellow machinery is hanging on a conveyor belt going down an assembly line.
in a factory you are assembling a white car
two persons are standing  infront of large machine and both of them are watching the machine operation
showing a car maker.
the two persons are work at manufacturing factory
an asian couple in a moving car at night.
an asian man with black hair is driving and the woman looks towards the man while music is playing in background
a man in a suit drives a car while a woman talks to him.
an oriental couple driving in a car at night.
man and woman inside a car, talking quietly.
a person in a suit is driving through a city road while talking to an women who is sitting in the side seat.
woman starting a dialogue with a man inside a car with a background music
a couple in a car, the man is driving and the woman is talking to him.
a man is driving a car and woman is sitting near to him and speaking
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
one man and a woman speaking on a foreign language.
a woman talking to man about something they are watching
two people are having a conversation, which seems to be a part in a movie.
a man and a woman are in a kitchen looking at something.
a blonde woman in blue talking to a man in the jacket while looking in one direction.
a man and a woman act like they are watching something layin in front of them, in the bottom dial. the old aged man is wearing a blue jacket and a striped sweater, the woman is wearing a blue jacket and aa white shirt
a lady with blue top and a guy with grey suit are talking about something.
seriously discuss about somethings and watching some one.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a man and a lady wearing light blue dress looking at screen
a man holds a baby near cows inside a barn, causing the baby to squeal.
a man is holding a baby next to the cow and she is crying.
a man holds a baby in a barn, and a cow moves his nose towards the baby's foot.
a man and his child in a cow shed where he took the child closer to the cow and the child screams
a baby girl's foot is being licked by a cow.
a man holding a baby extends the baby's foot out to a cow, and the cow sniffs the baby's foot, which causes the baby to cry.
a man holds a baby toward a cow, who then kicks at the cow
a cow in a barn behind fencing with other cows touches a baby girl's foot making her laugh as she's cradled by a man.
a man holds his baby daughter in front of a cowâ€™s face.
the person is standing with the baby by the cow.
a man with veiny hands runs them down someones back.
a person is showing a sensational love.
a persons hand is touching sensitively on the skin
two hands slowly rise up on another person's body as music plays.
a man's hand slowly moving up a woman's hip while provocative music plays in the background.
a man running his hands up the small of a womans back.
a guy is lifting his hands up.
a man's hand is caressing a woman's side slowly.
a man's hands slowly move up a woman's sides from her panties to her bra, set to music.
a person some off touching the leg
a little squirrel was sitting on a tree limb and then leaped off by surprise.
the squirrel was standing on the bark of the tree and now he has jumped.
in this wild animal planet video shows different colours of animals.
a guy on wwe talking to the crowd about himself
a squirrel sitting the tree wood and squirrel jumping the downstairs
in this video, a squirrel in taking a leap of faith from a branch in slow motion.
a squirrel is jumping off a branch.
a squirrel is suddenly jumping from the branch bby seeing something
a squirrel is sitting on a branch then he flies off the branch .
a squirrel is jumping from the tree branch in a very brave way
a man is fighting sharks with spear in hand and blood is oozing everywhere.
this is a video of someone playing a video game that involves sharks attacking
a gamer describing a fighting scene with his character against a shark.
a person at the bottom of the sea is fighting with a saber with sharks and there are blood stains
narration of a man's fight under the sea against two sharks.
underwater video game in which the character tries to kill sharks with a spear
a video game that shows a hunter killing the killer sharks.
an online gamer streaming and explaining about the situation in the game.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the fish and person having fight in water
how to get to youtube studio on a youtube search results page.
a person is describing her youtube channal and youtube studio.
a man is explaining how to get to youtube studio from the home screen.
a man explaining how to use a certain aspect of youtube through a screen recording of the said process.
showing an extension to help your videos on youtube.
a computer screen of video search and views
a mouse cursor clicks on the image of a youtube channel where a drop-down menu appears
a screen recording of you tube web page is appearing
a man narrating a video tutorial on how to use youtube studio.
a person explain about how to enter in to the you tube
an online  maths algebra coaching  class is going on
this video is a matemathic tutorial to teach who to do someone operation
maths subject is teached by a teacher using computer.
a person is teaching mathematics on an online class.
a demonstration of the math equations with the highlight of yellow and blue on the computer.
a voice that explains a mathematical formula
a man is explaining how to do a math problem using polynomials.
a teacher write and solve the mathematical equation
a set of difficult mathematical problems are depicted.
the math teacher teaching a online class
people are dragging a yellow car in workshop
an automotive manufacturing plant is shown in action.
at a car assembly plant, a man pulls a yellow roadster body somewhere
someone on red shirt and brown trousers taking an unfinished car to be fixed.
the man is showing us details from car manufacturing company.
a person in a red shirt drags a part of a car around to another area.
a man is carrying the chassis of a yellow sport car.
the car is repaired by a three man with a yellow.
three person moving the car body in the manufacturing unit
people are pulling the body of the car and taking it inside the workshop.
one of the animation game very likely.
this animation shows a fairy driving a red car
in the video game play robot kind of toy and a small kid character with wings roam around and here.
some user are playing in a virtual space. it is a computer game similar to roblox.
a man doing a voice over in an animated video.
a gameplay about minecraft, where the character is showing a little fairy.
two people laughing and talking while playing a video game
the funny video very enjoyment to all
a gamer talks through the minecraft word he is playing.
the robot game in really useful to the children
a man with a beard, mustache and glasses talking with an angry expression
a picture video where someone taking someone
an angry man wearing glasses is making a threat.
a man with a beard is making threatening statements to someone off screen
a man with a bear and glasses laughing and making a threat about his money
a man serious laughing and angry talking in the speach
paul giamatti saying a sentence in one of his movies
a man with a beard and glasses is saying something to someone.
a character wearing black glasses with a filled beard speaks intently into the camera.
one manwith spects is saying something angrily
a group of men speaking to each other
black men in the press conference with suite giving emotional speech.
two people are busy talking to each other
a man with black suit is talking while the other man is nodding his head.
some guy talking about his conviction got over turned  in  the media
a man wearing suit is speaking and another beside him is moving
men wearing black coats are smiling and talking to each other.
news report about police shooting conviction with three black man in front of the camera
parting scene of a tv interview with two colored characters
a police shooting victim showing happiness saying we did it.
a person is having seeds hand and applies in pots with soil.
a person is arranging something on the soil.
in video a lady putting dry fruit in a dish
a person with a green and white glove on one hand is planting seed in soil pods.
someone sowing seeds into each hole
a person's hand planting small seeds in composted land
not available in  video
a person adds seeds to fresh, organized soil.
some one is planting the seeds into bags on the table
a person plants many seeds from a tray into soil.
a car with the warning light on advances while other cars walk around it
lot of cars moving in road side in city
a scene of traffic near a bridge and then driving through an urban area from the interior of a vehicle.
many cars driving on the streets of a normal city
a person in a car drives through town stopping at stoplights.
a ash color car with left indicator on turns towards the left side of the road. and travels on a smooth busiest road
there are many cars moving on the road
manky vehicle travelling in highway road
there is a car that is waiting at a red light and cars are passing by.
person driving in his car through the streets of a city raining and cold
bill murray, wearing what appears to be 16th century costume, doing an snl introduction.
a famous actor, bill murray, is dressed with historic costumes and introduced into the stage.
there is a man in blue dress clapping at the end
a theater actor making an entry on the stage and audience applauding
a person dressed up in a retro outfit performs on a stage.
famous actor dressed in classic blue clothes and black antique beret.
a man in blue color overcoat and white color scarf around neck is appearing in front of mass crowd where background music is played
costumed man performing on a stage with blue background.
bill murray gets an applause as he walks onto the stage in a funny costume.
bill murray entering an interview program dressed in a noble outfit from centuries past.
famous singer wearing a black suit sings a song
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a man wearing a suit with gray shirt and tie is singing while a different man is playing the guitar in the background.
a man in coat suit wearing tie holding a mike in his hands singing
a man singing into a microphone and doing movements with one hand with a band in the background.
a man in a suit sings a slow song on stage to an audience with the audience screams.
justin timberlake is singing into a microphone and doing a little dancing.
a man with black coat is singing and other man is play guitar
a vocal performance on the cw channel, with 2 bassists behind the vocalist.
a man is singing while others watch him around
a lady is singing happily with no one around
the women sing a song with alone.
a lady sings and crawls on the ground.
some girl explaining nature situation and we can also see a beautiful sunset
a woman with loose hair is singing a song and walking in a garden
american singer dressed in a white shirt singing
a clip of the katy perry music video for 'roar.'  katy perry is in a nature setting with a ripped white shirt.
scene from the clip to katy perry.
a woman is singing in a forest at night
music clip in which the singer is surrounded by fireflies
a giel is just happy in making a small boy get into water tub
a girl encouraging a boy to go into a mini portable swimming pool
two kids standing and playing inside the pool
some kids are playing in the small water pool
a young girl tells the younger boy next to her who is wearing a life vest to get in the pool. the boy agrees and gets into the pool and sits down in about 8 inches of water in the small rectangular kiddie pool. the girl is pleased looking into the camera as she watches him.
two kids are playing about in the pool
two little kids are getting into a small pool and say thank you.
little kids are taking a bath in a pool, located in the yard of their home.
a girl in a swim suite teaching a boy to swim in a small pool.
a boy and girl getting in a small swimming pool.
one person is explaining about one incredible creatures
a defense technique of a reptilien concentrated in its hand
describing the anatomy of a turtle that allows it to defend itself.
a bird seems to be keeping a close look at something
a video showing the underneath skin of a tortoise and the paw.
a man narrates a nature video featuring the claws of a large turtle.
showing a species of turtle.
a large animal has a long claw and a man is talking about
a creature with sharp nails and scale like textures that are used as defensive techniques.
a man is talking while holding up some type of creature with its claw facing prominently forward.
a large waterfall flowing down with a song playing, behind lyrics being scrolled
an advertisement as shown as the water converges.
a loud roaring water fall
inspirational music plays with waterfall in the background.
water pouring out of a dam as music plays and i lay me down in shows up on screen.
lyrics to a song play next to several rushing waterfalls.
a video of waterfalls with lyrics to the song being sung.
lyrics to a song appear on screen against a waterfall background while the song plays.
some one is looking at a video of a waterfall and  song.
lyrics to a song are shown over the background of a waterfall.
a group of dolphins are swimming together under the water
one person is showing about delphine and telling about it
dolphins swimming together in a pod underwater, a males voice speaks it's well known that dolphin's are not as harmeless as they seem and know how to protect themselves.
a group of dolphins swimming along are narrated as being not harmless because they know how to protect themselves.
a group of dolphins swim across the ocean during daytime.
three dolphins are swimming side by side under the ocean water while someone narrates about dolphins.
there are dolphins swimming in the seabed
number of fishes are happily swimming in the sea
an educational video clip on dolphins.
a school of dolphins are moving slowly under the blue crystal water of the sea.
a singer sing the song and two dancer are dance with song in front of audience
a music concert is going on and singer is singing a song
one singer is singing and two others are dancing in front of the crowd
the boy sing a song and the audions
three men are dancing on a stage in a stage program with large crowd of audience around.
1. a white dressing man singing a song in a crowd show with 2 dancers
two dancers dancing to the song sung by the singer in a live concert.
one men with white joking sing and two authors dance in a podium.the people listen and splendid for this show.there a men who recorder like a video with a camera.
a man in white performs on stage with two background dancers.
a singer performs before a large audience with two dancers on either side on the stage.
there are a bunch of woman who are on the stage and they are dancing around.
a group of people are performing dance with sticks on stage.
an amazing and curious dance is being performed on the stage by a group of artists.
many men, with sticks, and women  dancing with a lady seated on a chair being pulled back
a circus performance with several people dancing and somersaults
many persons in the stage are dancing and singing song and enjoying
large group of artists perform on a large stage
an artistic performance with many people dancing on stage
a group of actors sing and hit sticks together as a man in an orange vest and dances across the front swinging a rope.
the poeples are sing a song and enjoy the dancing
small bike racing is taking place. in which there has been an accident.
a rider met with an accident during a motorcycle race
there are some people participated in bike race unfortunately one of the person suddenly fell down from the bike
someone got badly hurt during the motorbike race.
in a motorcycle race, one motorcyclist falls and another stops to help him.
a motorcycle race at high speed and one of the riders lost control and fell off the bike, disturbing other riders.
biker crashes motorcycle during race and falls down while others narrowly escape
few bike riders doing racing on bike racing track.
a young man falls off a mini-motorcycle while competing on a race track.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a black guy with white top and brown hat is singing on a stage.
a man standing on stage singing while wearing a cowboy hat, white tshirt and shell neckalce.
the man with white t-shirt and a hat is singing a song on the stage.
thats the man singinig of a black man  on stage
a man wearing a brown hat and white t shirt is singing on the stage
a black men wearing cow boy cap singing on the stage
a person with big hat singing in mike about life.
a black guy with a cowboy hat is singing on stage
a black man wearing a cowboy hat singing a beautiful song
a caped man sing a song on the stage
a chef is demonstrating how to cook something.
someone is frying two pieces of chicken in a black skillet with oil.
the man is showing how to fry a hash brown.
pan with frying oil and a breaded chicken which the chef then flips it over with a spatula
a food being prepared in a frying pan
man is cooking  big hash browns by shallow frying
a man frying something and flipping over the item and explaining.
a guy is making hash brown and talking.
a man frying something in the pan and taking it out
a person fries hash brown in a pan, and he turns them over with a spatula.
it shows the screen of a video game, where the player is selecting the options.
very small this video its games
a cartoon puzzle with their description
a person telling about game, 'how to play and where to click?.'
a boy is playing a game on the computer
a videogame screen in pause mode, waiting for the user to decide its action. you can hear the user reacting.
a colorful game layout with a dialogue box open showing two options, repick and yes.
a screen recording of a game is playing
ths the pop up showing for how to give the option for yes r back
the person is talking about not losing the plant in a game.
men hiking on a mountain .
some people is walking on the mountain and talking about snow.
various people are hiking on large snowy hills and mountains.
a group of people going hiking on very high ground and mountains.
join a group of hikers on a late spring trek up a 10,000 foot mountain peak.
two people are seen climbing a mountain peak. there is snow on the ground.
this is a very very informative show on mountain climbing .
three people hike over a snowcovered ridge of a mountain.
a group of people hike up a mountain that has some snow on it.
a guy moving up a mountain explaining there is still snow at the top of the mountain.
images from a video game in which the enemies move away
a video of a gamer describing what his character is doing whilst playing.
three characters in a video game are climbing a staircase.
the character is running backwards and the streamer is talking.
excerpt from a shooting game with mileage along the large hall
people running and climbing a ladder inside a house.
two men talk and have fun while playing a shooting game.
players in an online game of a shooting
someone playing a game with gunshots  like pubg.
gun fighting are happens and peoples try to escape from here.
a woman is walking through a blue curtain holding a blue phone.
a woman coming out of a plastic screen with something in her hand.
a woman in black dress reveals herself from screen curtains.
an advertisement of a man modelling on a stage
a girl opens the gate and then stops and walks forward.
woman dressed in black with a cellphone with blue cover in her hand
hot girl coming out of the plastic screen
a woman with black hair and light eyes opens a curtain while music plays in the background.
a mysterious woman dressed in all black emerges from silvery-white curtains with an object in her hand.
a woman dressed in black who is walking slowly with a cell phone in hand.
a sheep fighting with someone or something to keep carrots on the ground
there is a sheep using a magnifying glass to look at carrots that keep disappearing into the ground.
a goat search the thief in the garden
a sheep tears the carrots from the ground
an animated goat is searching with magnification glass and something is pulling the carrot into the soil
the animated sheep is watching with a magnifying glass as the carrot disappears and tries to pull it back.
carrots are disappearing while the black sheep is investigating the event.
an animal is trying to eat a carrot
shawn the sheep is looking for something with a magnifying glass while carrots disappear into the earth behind him and he tries to catch one
a cartoon character trying to plant in a garden
two man are playing with a very tinny motorcicle inside a house.
two men talking to each other about a tiny bike.
two youngsters in shorts playing with a mini bike indoors
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
two person in different colour dress were playing with bike and enjoying
two men in a corner of a room show a very small motorcycle.
two person explain the toy motorbike
two men look at a tiny bike and get astonished by its size.
two guys wearing t-shirts one in pink and other in white color they are speaking about the tiny toy bike which they are using.
well decorated room with well distributed lighting and very well done floor
showing various types of photos from your computer.
in a image gallery design there are various animals photos available, total 10 photos
some person breaf on image gallary design pages
there is a white screen that shows many pictures
a slide show showing different designs lined up
photo gallery of aminals in black and white
image gallery with various types of cats
a man is talking about color of image gallery and images of animals are there
an image gallery design where you can see many cats
a guy is explaining about image gallery design.
cook talks about several pieces of bacon that are on top of the wood
a man showing and giving detail information about different types of meats
the man making a different kinds of mat for theier kitchen
a bunch of processed meats are on a wooden table as a man in a blue coat speaks.
a man in black was standing in the kitchen and talking about the meat which is spreaded over the table
a person  is explaining  about animal  meat
a person is explain about backing of diffrent kinds of meat
man shown how to cut meat
one person in dark blue colour  dress is telling about meat
an educational video on beacon.
a child singing a video of people behind the video.
a clip with two old blown images. a community and a girl singing the song
a song is being played in the background and few people have assembled
a woman wearing pink, multicoloured dress is singing a song and calls her old memories in the background
a small girl is seen singing  alone quietly
a woman with strange haircut is singing
a music video where a singer singing song witch distracted background seen
people in a group are hanging out. a child is displayed, who appears to be singing.
the person is pink color and tree is most. crowd to the area.
a little girl lip synchs a song to a video of a disaster scene.
a person cooking potatos in a oily pan sprinkling salt all over it.
a person preparing a yellow food in the form of cubes on a white plate.
a person is using a teaspoon to sprinkle breadcrumbs over a dish
in this video we can see a cook receipt made with potatoes principaly
there is very crispy fried potato snacks with dry mango powder.
this is a cooking video demonstrating some type of potato dish
a person showing how to cook a particular recipe.
a cooking tutorial video of using potatoes and breadcrumbs.
this is the one of the bread  crumbs.
upbeat music was playing while demonstrating a recipe.
a video showing a stealth destroyer in the sea.
a boat sailing in front of a large white ship during the day.
a large white ship sailing on the sea on a little cloudy
a large gray boat sailing the sea.
a water body has ripples in its surface and there is blue sky reflected in it
waters are recorded from the moving boat
someone is riding on a boat in the water next to another boat.
the ship is running the blue sea and someone filming it
a man describing from a boat moving through ocean.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
video of a journalist giving news on tv
a woman with black hair and a white shirt presents a newspaper and talks about the pandemic.
a beautiful long haired british woman is reporting the news.
in an america news channel telling about president mr.trump exaggerated funding.
a news reader is reading out news in television
the interlocutor of the video has a posture that gives credibility and that is very relevant to the information
an indian woman with long black hair and wearing a white blouse is giving the news to her viewers with a bustling newsroom seen behind her slightly blurred.
a news reader is reading news she is wearing white color dress
some one is looking at the news about the corona virus
the woman is breaking news.
a robot takes some weapon and flies and a human wakes up from sleep while a lady starts shooting with a gun.
man dressed in black falls near the table, while a woman picks up a firearm
trailer from some fantastic movie with shooting and jumping
scenes from the movie the avengers.
an uncontrolled android is attacking a lab and a woman grabs a pistol under some surface, the man picks a steel object to defend themselves
avengers, great scene, even the heroes knowing that they could do little damage to the robot with what they took to defend themselves didnâ€™t really have and went up with what they had at the time
short excerpt from a famous movie where you are having a shootout
the scene from a movie where an action sequence is taking place.
the superman flying the house damage most of the things.
a super hero hold the weapon and flied away
the spider man fighting with an evil character in a movie scene.
a villain who glows blue with electricity attacks spiderman.
the spider man catching a men
spiderman gets electric power through the web from his enemy.
spider man received electric shock from the villian
a fantasy character is fighting against spiderman at night in a big city.
some kind of vampire is removing  a spider man's web
in a spider-man movie spider man kills a demon with his strong web net
in a movie an electric man's power is taken by the spider man
an evil looking guy is fighting with the electricity in his hands and spider man got his power.
several green bananas hung and handled by other people.
a man describing about bananas in a video.
there is a man with a grey tshirt working cleaning a big cluster of green bananas
a person with white tshirt cutting bananas
the man was wearing a yellow apron while working with the green bananas.
he is rounding the banana hub.
men are cutting green bananas after harvesting them.
a man explains the preparation of bananas for consumption.
big guy picks bananas from a big branch
a green banana hanging in shop and person switching on oven
a news caster standing outside infront  of scattered people who waiting or watching for somthing.
a man in a blue shirt reports on a new archeological discovery.
cgtn reporter reporting in egypt giza pyramids
a news reporter speaking into a microphone at a historical site in egypt.
a reporter discusses something as people walk around behind him in a sandy area.
a newscaster stands with a microphone in the desert near giza, egypt describing a new discovery.
the man wearing a  light blue shirt holds a blue and yellow microphone.
a male news anchor is out in the desert, with many people behind him in the distance, he speaks to the camera.
a reporter dressed in blue holding a microphone talks in front of a desert background.
a news reporter in cairo, egypt stating the discovery of an ancient pyramid.
there are two person standing front of mike, one is singing and second is playing guitar with sing a song.
a musical band performing with men singing as lead.
two guys singing with their beautiful voice
two people are singing.
african american music group on an indoor stage with a blue background.
two black men are on a stage, both are singing, but one is a guitarist and the other is the lead vocalist.
two guys are  performing musical concert and one guy is playing guitar.
two persons are singing loudly in mic.
a man plays guitar and another man sings a song on stage.
a music group is singing and snapping while one man plays a guitar.
all the panda are playing skateboard on the stairs
pandas are playing in the park by sliding on a slide bar
three panda are sliding on the wooden slider one by one
this is advertisement for the movie and it funny
pandas are sliding one by one and the woman in blue shirt encourages them.
small teddy bears are playing and sliding from top.
showing 4 panda having fun is playing on a slide.
three pandas are skidding one by one, and another one try to skid.
the three panda's are sliding in the slider
serveral pandas are playing on the stairs
an artist is singing and dancing on stage at a concert.
a person in a white hoodie is rapping on stage in front of a crowd.
the person is singing a rap song on the stage.
a rapper wearing black jeans, white shirt and a red cap, sings on a stage while performing some dancing movements
a man with a white shirt preforming during a rap concert
the man was singing hip hop on the stage
a boy with a white hoodie and red cap is singing on the stage and dancing.
a rap singer with red cap entertains the crowd in a big way.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a musical programme ,singer holding a mike and singing.
a group of people playing a musical instrument.
some people are playing different instruments like piano and guitar
artists performing on guitar, keyboard and cello on the stage.
an old video showing a man playing the piano, the other cello and the third man playing the guitar
a musicians are playing instruments on the stage
guys are playing  guitar and singing a song and giving a wonderful performance
a band of three men play instruments on stage.
band playing with piano, guitar, trumpet and cello guitar.
three men in blazers are playing instruments and singing song.
3 persons playing  piano guitar and singling song in party
an older man in football gear talks as people in a crowd laugh.
comedian dressed in team sportswear (deliberately to get laughs) is interviewed in english, but spanish subtitles are shown.
actor bill murray is giving an interview in an american soccer outfit.
bill murray is wearing protective gear and a jersey while talking on a show.
an old man using transformer character suite and giving tv interview.
a man having an interview with fun sitting on hot seat.
actor dressed in a football shield answering the question at a talkshow.
there is a person in football armour and is talking to a host.
there is an old man in black dress who is saying some laughing words
bill murray talking to someone on a late night talk show.
a man sings why not? while picking up a payphone in a hotel hallway while maids clean behind him.
jason derulo is singing and dancing in the video clip, then tries to make a call
man singing a song while walking in a hotel hallway.
a male singer singing and dancing with other crew around.
a man is singing a song in the hotel lobby while other artists like girls are dancing at the back.
man singing, answering a public phone, releasing it and continuing to dance and moving down a corridor.
a black man with white t shirt is giving his best performance and singing a song in a very active mood
the curly haired guy using a telephone and singing a song and dancing on the hallway
a man wearing a white t-shirt walks down a hotel corridor singing, picks up a phone from the hook and puts it to his ear and lets go. maids are cleaning up in the meantime.
there is a black guy singing and some people cleaning in the background.
wwf champions was fighting for another trophy in the very tough ring
an apparently upset big man is in a quadrilateral, a boxing match, there are people around him
the furious bald headed huge wrestler is having a talk with someone in the ring.
one big angry body builder angry
pro wrestler in the ring edging on his opponent
a person is looking angry at  wrestling match
a very big wrester is shown up-close. then, a brief shot of the side of the ring is observable.
strong, bald, bearded wwe fighter ready to start the showdown
a big, bald, bearded man is talking at someone off-screen while announcers provide a voiceover.
a wwe wrestling event, a man in a singlet is standing and shouting something, though what he shouts is indiscernible because of the announcers.
video asked to like and subscribe to a youtube channel
a bright red car spins around on a platform in a showroom.
a video where they showing a new model car
amazing red car with amazing features and stunning looks
there is a person who is talking about a beautiful red car.
a narrator is speaking spanish while a beautiful red car is revolving on display.
a beautiful and luxurious red car is displayed in a car show.
a red sports car is showcased in a showroom. pristine condition model.
a very shiny and red car on display for everyone
national geographic documentary narrating close-up footage of an exotic car.
three preteen boys in t-shirts and shorts take turns flipping on a large trampoline.
three boys in red, green and blue shirt respectively ared gymnastic tactics..
a child is jumping on an elastic bed and explaining some useful tricks
an instructional video by a young boy on how to do a back flip on a trampoline.
there is children's jumping with up and down
boys wearing blue, green & red t-shirt jumping on the black colour space.
three boys are jumping on trampoline
few kids doing back flips on a trampoline.
a group of boys were playing in their house backyard
three boys jumping on a trampoline.
a person wearing a pink t-shirt and black hat performs impressive skateboarding trick.
a young man wearing a cap and pink t-shirt is doing a skateboard maneuver.
a boy in a pink shirt performs a skateboard trick
there is a man skateboarding on the side of the board.
a woman in a pink t-shirt and a cap doing a trick with the skateboard putting it on two side wheels
a person in a pink t-shirt and black jeans, and wearing a black cap is performing skateboarding stunts in a skate park.
a girl in pink top showing skating stunts.
girl with pink shirt and black hat is skateboarding on the side of the board,not on the wheels
a guy in a pink shirt riding a skate board on it's side and then flipping it around
a boy with long hair, pink blouse, black pants and tennis shoes doing tricks with his skateboard at a skate park.
male motivates young male to sell products.
main chefs is explining about the food iterm he prepared
some cartoon from cartoon network tv channel where a guy is talking
a cartoon clip from the cartoon network features two men working in a restaurant.  both men are wearing aprons.  the man in the foreground is a also wearing a red and yellow cap.  the man in the background is wearing glass and typing on a smartphone.
character of an animated drawing using a white apron while talking with another man
two cartoon characters including one cook are talking to each other in cartoon network cn channel
two male cartoon characters wearing aprons, one talks while the other is manipulating his phone.
a chef is upset while his partner is texting behind him in the other room.
cartoon clip showing a charcter talking to someone
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
three men on a road, two in white clothes and the other in black clothes who are singing.
young people record a music video walking on a dark road.
three persons were dancing at mid night in the road
a young rapper is singing with two persons wearing gas suit in the background
a man walks down a road singing, two men in white suits follow him
three men walking in the dark at night while one of them sings during a music clip.
a man sings a song while walking on a dirt floor and behind him are two other people in surgical clothes.
there are 3 people in this music video and two are in masks.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a person singing and advancing in front with two persons following back.
there is an older indian lady who is watching a pressure cooker steam.
a woman with a pressure cooker on the fire happens the kind of phenomenon.
1. a house in kerala (india) sees some magic in her kitchen
a woman in green saree is cooking in kitchen and think something.
a lady is scolding someone in malayalam language. a lady stands in the kitchen looking in to a pressure cooker whistling on a stove.
woman with dark long hair in classic indian dark green clothes in the kitchen by the large window
the woman is standing in the kitchen and cooking.
a woman with indian features in a kitchen watching a pressure cooker
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
in video a lady standing in kitchen and cooking something
a woman was singing and the boys are dancing on the stage
a lady performing song on stage with her team
the art of dance, choriography with a beautiful voice in front of you, playing a wonderful and captivating show
a female is singing a song and the backstage dancers are dancing.
a lady is singing a song and group of men are dancing.
one woman in a gold dress sings on a stage while eight men, dressed in suits dance around her.
a dance is performed by eight men and one woman.  all the men wore black suits and women wore a grey skirt and she is singing  a song along with dancing
a woman singing on the stage and some men are dancing
girl singing and bunch of the men dancing on the stage
a woman in a silver dress sings and dances along with eight dancers in suits and ties
a man talking about a stage show and its popularity
a man narrates a video montage of a young male pop singer.
he is performing a stage show.
a man is talking about a man who performs on stage.
someone is talking about a stage show .
a young man wearing white dressing showing some acrobatics.
a young artist dancing while the image of a stage appears.
justin bieber narrates what happens behind the scenes of a concert tour.
cena de parte do filme oficial do justin bieber
the crowd that was a fan and followed justin bieber.
an artist showing his finished painting to someone who says wow
a painting on a drawing table
it shows two landscape paintings, made by the people in the scene.
a guy shows his oil spray painting to a customer.
there is a person show the drawing work
a person showing off a colorful painting in table
a man shows customers his painting of a city
a street painter showing one of his artworks to other people
a person is showing her painting to camera.
a person has painted an art and pucks up the picture to show
a small kid is playing with different types of toys and feeling very excited.
child playing with his toys
a boy seems very happy playing with lots of toys around
a boy with red tshirt and blue jeans has many toys infront of him and he starts  telling the he is playing wigh some toy
a little boy is surrounded by toys, greets the audience and says he is going to play with the toys.
a boy is playing with toys.
small child sitting on the carpet preparing to play with lots of toys.
a boy with black hair and wearing a white, red and yellow jacket, shows which toy he will play with
a little oriental boy displaying his racetracks.
a little kid inside a playroom express his happiness for so many toys.
a person draw a picture with pencil  it is looking cute and funny.
explain how to draw simple model drawing.
a man is drawing on a white paper
a person teaching how to sketch a cartoon character on paper.
drawing bart simpson from the simpsons easily on paper
an artist showing how to draw the simpsons character bart.
man drawing a drawing on a red table and with many colored pencils around.
a man is teaching to draw by drawing a picture in a white paper.
man with a ring on his left hand drawing the picture of a face from simpsons
practice drawing of a funny dude with ziz zag like head.
there is a person who is trying to draw squidward.
a woman is drawing a cartoon on the bottom left and showing her sketch in the main screen
a woman is drawing squidward from spongebob squarepants
a woman in a black shirt, black barrette, and pink hair is instructing how to draw squidwards nose.
a woman is telling about nose is pretty large and yellow teddy is also there
in a studio, someone is teaching online drawing classes
a girl wearing a beret in her room saying things in the video
a women  explains how to draw and drawing  a cartoon character
a woman demonstrating how to draw a character
a person teaching how to draw using an electronic board.
a woman narrates while assembling a tomato, bacon, iceberg lettuce and chicken sandwich with toasted white bread and mayonnaise on a white plate.
a person is teaching how to prepare a sandwich toasted with bacon
a girl sandwich preparing in the kitchen
in a kitchen a person is making a blt sandwich.
a person is demonstrating the ingredients of a classic sandwhich. the sandwhich is then assembled.
teaching how to prepare a sandwich stuffed with ingredients
a delicious sandwich with lettuce, tomato, bacon and turkey breast with toasted bread and curd
a woman is explaining how to make a traditional sandwich with tomatoes and bread slice with cheese
a woman is explaining how to make a sandwich. she put tomatoes and meat over a toasted bread.
one girl is preparing delicious sandwich using many ingrediants
a lady is doing some craft work and she is making chocolate box.
he is packing to the chocolate to set for the paper cover.
a person is showing how to make a craft by using two pieces of printed card stock to hold small items.
using a piece of cardboard paper to wrap up some sweets quickly.
a person putting together a box which is then used to put sweets inside.
we have a confession of a handmade box where you put candy
a woman puts candy inside a white confectionery
a women taking two white heart shape paper joint them and making beautiful chocolate box and put some chocolate in the box.
a person making cardboard box and then closing the box after putting some chocolates in it.
a tutorial video of how to make an envelope to keep some sweets in.
a dolphin is swimming and diving in a pool with a man in a wet suit on his nose.
some one is looking at a video with a guy swimming in the background.
people watch a dolphin as he carries a man in a wet suit until he falls in the pool of water.
a dolphin and a trainer preform a trick in a swimming pool at an amusement park.
while music is playing, a man swims and does acrobatic tricks in a large, elaborate pool that also has dolphins.
the group of people are standing around and swimming in the pool.
a dolphin is pushing a person with his snout into the air in a big aquatic tank in a show, you can hear dramatic music playing loudly.
in an aquarium show, a penguin pokes its body above water and glides on the surface for a couple seconds before diving back in the water.
dolphins are putting on a water performance with their trainers.
a dolphin pushes a trainer using its nose during a dolphin show at a large outdoor aquarium.
the working of a machine with water splashing is displayed.
flushing operating equipment with water
water has poured on a machinery in a factory
washing of some machinery
a machine is turned on while liquid is being poured over it.
some guy is watching  and  pouring water on the machine to clean it
showing a machine used water.
someone is purring water at some kind of machine.
a metal contraption of gears is cooled down with water.
water is being spray in a machine inside a room
a woman wearing a pink candy vendor outfit sings on stage standing in a white spotlight.
the man is performing on the large stage.
a woman from far singing a beautiful song
a lady performing a song on stage in front of the audience
a woman dressed in pink performs in front of a cheering crowd.
woman in funny hat singing on stage while audience is waving arms
a woman sings on stage in a costume of a vendor including a tray of food and a pink dress.
a woman sings while hold a tray on stage in front of an audience.
a woman in pink sings to the crowd to get ready for a science fiction double feature!
someone is looking a music video of a woman.
a boy is playing a game where has a lantern inside a tunnel
a screen recording of a game is playing
a boy is playing a game on the computer
online gamer lady character hiding her face with a paper and the other gamer screaming to let him go off the cupboard.
a boy plays a video game where he walks with a friend in an air duct
a game character is trying to hide from lights.
a man is playing a video game where the character is walking through air vents
a women speaking in the game and the player hide with a can
a man in a green shirt inside the air conditioning tubes.
gamer is walking in a tunnel and met a girl with green shirt on.
a girl suddenly wakes up from a bad dream.
there is someone watching a movie on tv
black girl wearing a white shirt with denim overalls wakes up scared by nightmares
a girl startles up and wake up from a dream and sighs in relief.
a young man sleeps and wakes up scared, the video seems to be from a program for teenagers.
a black girl in a jeans and white t-shirt is awaken from deep dream scared
a girl waking up from a dream in a tv serial
a woman in denim overalls wakes up startled from a dream.
a woman wakes up from a dream and is shocked.
an african-american woman wearing denim overalls and a pink t-shirt sleeps at a desk and wakes up to realize it was a dream.
blue plant neptune being shown next to another planet.
neptune, the blue planet is shown its distance of the sun
neptune is one of the outer  most coolest planet.
the planet neptume is seen with a woman talking about it.
the distance between neptune and the sun is examined.
a woman is talking about the solar system and neptune  planet
showing and distance in kilometers and miles between neptune and sol.
one girl is explaining about planet (i.e) about neptune
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a big blue round shape object is displayed gradually it moves back and some text appears on screen
a person is reporting from a helicopter above and then a person is interviewing another person.
an airplane is flying over a disaster zone, caused by immense sudden flooding.
report of a dam that broke.
a chopper flying over a dam with water flowing across the dam
its a scene taken from air craft,where flood  is running faster.
they are talking about emergency evacuations
an aerial view of a large river going downhill.
breaking news about the emergency evacuation for thousands catastrophic dam failures.
helicopter footage of a dam that might pose a safety risk.
a band of five men singing and playing in front of the beach
a child writing on a sheet at a table and a woman showing a pencil.
a woman explains something while her daughter writes on a paper.
a little girl is writing with a pencil as a woman explains that she will link the place she got pencil grips and triangular pencils.
a young girl is offered a pencil with a handwriting aid.
a woman describes talks about the origins of her special pencils and pencil grips while standing over a girl doing school work.
a voice is discussing issues involving a young child in the foreground and talks to the child.
a little girl in pink shirt  is writing on a paper and her mother is telling about a pencil to her
a mother leaves a pencil on the table, her daughter is doing something in a notebook
a little girl in a pink shirt is holding a pencil in her right hand.
a woman is teaching the kit how to make something with a penil.
a person is looking at a game interface and picking between two choices
he talks about video game in detail screen
a male voice appears to comment on a video game and its activities in the game.
a message is displaying and male voice coming with some instructions
a gamer describes what he is doing whilst playing a game.
a man described the video games
a gameplay of a game being shown with the player moving the menus while speaking.
a tutorial for a video game explain by the voice of a young man
many characters from the game plants vc zombie.
ice berg lettuce can be used to kill zombies in this video game.
baby girl eating some sweet.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a young girl is eating something from the box which she thinks it's a spaghetti
a little girl opening a pink pack and pulling something like noodles, saying spaghetti and tasting it.
a little blonde haired girl pulls spaghetti out of a takeout box and eats it.
a girl in blue dress eating something like noodles from the box
a little girl take a yellow color food from box and enjoying by eating
a kid reacting while eating spaghetti
a girl is taking a yellow thread from the box and cut it with her mouth.
there is a little girl and she is removing some bunch of threads from the box
presentation of news where a cop is explaining to the media
a person wearing white shirt, necktie and orange trench coat with a magician's hat is pleading before his brown horse to let him ride
man in brown coat and black hat feeds a horse from a red cup.
a man in black cap is singing and enjoying with horse
a man is singing and feeding a horse.
a man in a top hat talks to a horse .
man playing with horse and feeding some food to horse
a person is feeding a horse and singing
kramer from seinfeld sings a song as he feeds a brown horse something from a red bucket.
a man in a coat and top hat feeds a horse from a small bucket, singing a song
women is push another women from the roof and the another women is falling from the roof
three girls are conversing when one of them pushes the other over the top of a building.
the lady to be put off the other lady, the lady is very shocking
a woman in pink gets pushed by another woman after she ties bungee.
three women are hanging out on a roof. then one of them pushes the middle one down into the depth.
a women sport / wwf a women rudely punches pushes another woman to the ground
in a movie shooting spot , a lady slap another lady and get her down and tell it was fun.
a stunt occurs between women, one pushes the other and she falls down.
three women are having a talk and one pushes down another one.
three women on a balcony and one of them is pushed by the other.
the names of children who have passed in a tragic event appear on the screen, ending with a woman and the blurred out face of a child.
name of the persons in credits are shown in the screen finally a mom and daughter's image appears.
a large amount of white text slowly moves forward in front of a background.
number of names being dispalyed in video introduction
one person is telling about names and count of the girls and boys
there is a lot of text on the screen and there are some toys in the background.
a page with names of persons on a beautiful screen.
the ending credits of a show staring jack pinto.
end credits of a documentary is observable. plush animals in the background.
bouquets of flowers in the background while names appear in the image
someone with a very colorful helmet is riding a dirt bike down a brick road path.
a man riding his motorbike towards some apartments
a kid that has a yellow helmet on, is riding down the driveway on his motor bike.
a little boy rides a small motorbike along a red brick sidewalk.
someone on their motorcycle is hanging out and riding around a lot
a person is riding a motorcycle down a red brick road.
a person wearing a brown leather jacket rides a red  motorcycle over  a dark red brick path leading to dark brown gate.
the person is riding on his motorcycle along the street.
a man in brown is trying to test drive his motorcycle around the compound.
a young child riding a mini dirt bike with bright color helmet
a bearded man is playing an electric guitar and singing a rock song
a old man with black coat and hat  sing a song using kitar
a man with a big beard, dark glasses and a black hat, singing and playing a musical instrument.
a male singer singing, playing guitar while performing in a stage show.
i am man wearing a black suit sunglasses and a black cat with a big beard singing on stage
one person singing on the stage in video
a man with a big beard and wearing a jacket, sunglasses and hat sings and plays guitar at a concert
a long bearded man was singing and expressing while playing the guitar
man with a big beard and black clothes singing with a guitar in his hand.
a person sing a song in front of people by using mike
a lady is showing a table manners
a lady slowly picks up the food from plate in spoon and eats.
trying a plate of food and commenting.
the girl is telling the proper way to eat and showing that the fork should be in left hand while the knife in right hand while eating.
a person sitting at the table eating and at the table has a glass with a drink
a woman demonstrates how to cut a pie with a knife and a fork while in a restaurant.
cake is one of the dinner item to feed and wines are too
someone eating while a voice explains the proper way to cut and eat food.
a woman using fork to eat food and how to use fork
a woman wearing a black dress is eating fine food at a table with a white table cloth.
there is a machine that is making a lot of noise.
a person seems to be working on a machine
a laser sight, inside a house a boy working on something with a color of clothing approximately purple
a person points a camera into a telescope.
a factory setting is displayed. a person starts to work.
sharp focus down a tube inside a machine shop.
a zoomed in frame of a machinery building process
a person seems to be working on a green object that is quickly spinning.
an industrial factory setting illustrates the specifics of a complex task involving alloy metal.
the person is doing weld.
a girl arriving to meet someone else at sunset
a woman looking emotional towards the dark cloud
the black kurti person included in movie
woman staring over a big cliff
a lady warrior is looking to a man seems like another warrior in an open space.
woman watches a man with long blond hair
a woman appears at the top of a mountain and soon after the trailer for the movie thor appears.
a woman walking towards a man sitting on the edge of a cliff.
a young lady approaches a tired thor under a morose black and dark sky.
a woman in an ornate dress walks toward thor in a scene from the movie.
there is a whale in the sea
the universe with galaxies and cosmos passing quickly.
a cosmic swirl tunnel with a large whale swimming at the end.
it's a blue whale with a meditation background music
some one is looking a video of whale meditation.
a blue wale on deep sea.
a video of the cosmos moves into a screen reading whale meditation.
a meditation video with the words whale meditation showing a spiral of purple and pink swirls followed by a picture of a whale.
the picture of a blue whale is displayed with music in the  background.
a whale is swimming beneath the surface of the water.
football matchus a girl kick the boll to the net for winning
in the ladies football match between blue and red team, red team made a hat-trick goal.
a goal by a female athlete in the women's football championship.
the player is kicking the football to score a goal.
female soccer player scores a goal. the audience applauds.
a red jursy player kick the ball to the goal post
women are playing foot ball in the stadium
two football team players are playing in the ground, wearing red and blue, where red team score a goal.
women foot ball game going on, and a red t shirt girl put a fantastic goal, and all of the audience happy
a football player in red jerseys kicks the ball to the corner and scores a goal.
a women in sleeveless dress with mic in her ear is giving a speech from stage.
a woman dressed in black outfit with a microphone on a stage lecturing
a woman in a black shirt is talking an waving her arms around.
a girl is speaking something about adult brand
women with a dark gray kinda blueish dress and a hair length that goes to her shoulders giving a speech wearing a headset with a lot of shades of blue in the background
a woman in black gives a speech to an audience.
a old women dressed in black and moves around the stage and talks to the audience.
a woman in a navy colored dress talks with a microphone on the right side of her face to a crowd.
a woman in a dress talking at a conference about how our brains.
the lady wearing a  black top speaking about the behavioral changes of the human beings to the audience.
a medic wearing cap with blue shirt is explaining something
in this video we can see a doctor speaking about a medical issue
there is a doctor wore apron and cap explaining about surgical procedure
a person who is surgeon making a video
a doctor with blue dress talks about medicine in scan room
a person who apparently is a doctor giving an interview with the costume used in the hospital
a doctor wearing headcover is speaking to whom wearing glass.
a physician in blue scrubs is talking while standing in front of some medical equipment.
a doctor in surgical clothing giving an interview.
a doctor in operation theater is explain something
a white boy is singing on a stage on a tv show
a boy is singing on stage in front of live audience.
a kid is singing and dancing on the floor
a boy singing a song and just finish it in a show.
a boy singing a mild song in a competition  in front of 4 judges on stage
a cute looking boy siging in a grand stage.
there is a guy who is dancing around and enjoying themselves
the boy is singing a song.
a boy is singing a song in microphone on the stage of some talant show
a young boy singing a melodious song on musical platform
a man in black t-shirt is saying something
black t-shirt young boy speaks great gesture inside the room
an english man doing a youtube video.
a young man with black t-shirt and hair talking in a room.
the man taking the some of the topic.
vlog of a young man
a guy in a black tshirt is talking in a room with a picture in the background.
boy making a comment.
a guy in black talks about the internet on a recorded video.
a vlogger is talking in their room with a white background.
a lady presenting a seminar on some topic with audience around.
a woman addressing on the stage is speaking the people sitting
lady oa cambridge university give a speech on the stage
a woman wearing a black dress is delivering a speech.
woman in glasses in grey skirt and black shirt is telling something on the stage
a woman in an audience is talking to people under a spotlight and in front of red curtains
a women explain infront of the audience
a blone girl wearing a glass giving a speech infront of the audience
a lady with glasses, black top and silver pencil skirt is giving a talk on stage.
a female staff is teaching something standing on the stage.
a band with a drummer and two guitarist playing a set together. the lead guitarist and singer are both wearing leather jackets.
rock band performs a song for an official video version.
men play instruments in a rock band and a man in a jacket starts to sing.
a man in red pants and black leather jacket is singing in the mic while the rest of the band members are playing in the background.
a old clip of a rock and roll band with the guys singing and playing in it.
a person is singing and other persons are playing instruments
rock band playing in a dark place and white backdrop.
a person is singing and 2 persons playing guitar and one is beating drums .
the band group standing on the stage is playing instruments and singing a song.
a person wearing black jacket over a t-shirt and orange pant is performing in a music concert as his troupe of boys play guitars.
an animation video of vehicles is playing
there are different vehicles running on the black background looks like a cartoon image.
all  the vehicles is moving towards in  some direction
there is truck and cars are moving
a video game with all kinds of vehicles is playing.
in this picture all the vehicles were moving
a bus, a tracktor and a ship have wheels and move forward.
animated vehicles are moving one by one and a music is played.
the animated veheiles are moving with some good speed.
vehicle racing game which are moving from right side to left.
music is playing in a background
showing off eq graphs with cool backdrops on the pc.
sound bars are rising and falling as the backdrop of city at night.
it is a video about online skin and background.
music playing while the bars of the beat jump on a city skyline, and then someone pulls up an internet page.
music is playing with dancing lights with city view.
a town with moving bars is shown and then a browser shows a downloadable clock skin.
a person is playing music and the image in the background is reacting to the sounds of the music.
a short display of white metered lights appearing behind a city skyline.
a screencast of a city background while music bars appearing behind the skyscrappers
a couple renovating their own home by placing a floating floor
a man and a women pasting tapes in floor using gum.
a man is installing gray floors in a long room with a gray door while a woman in white pants helps.
a men and women preparing the floor of the building
two persons are installing a wooden design on the floor.
a man and woman demonstrating how to lay vinyl flooring.
man and woman creating amazing floor and showing useful tips
two person is sheet grafting in the ground floor
the man and women biking the floor mate and fast working
a couple continues to lay laminate flooring in a small room.
a man approaches another man sitting at a table and throws something at him.
a person in a yellow t-shirt brings a bowl of food and keeps it in front of the table before sitting down
two asian men talking in a restaurant, at first only one of these men is sitting at the table, then the other man sits down with two more people.
three asians sitting and talking in a local restaurant waiting for food.
people go to sit at a table and speak in a different language.
three boys are eating some meals in hotel.
one man sitting at the table while two others appear while talking.
two men are talking and a boy enters and sit with them
inside the hotel a person is siting and yellow colour dressed person came and sitting in front of him and one fatty girl.
few chinese characters talking to each other in chinese movie scene.
it's a recipe melting butter and chopping chocolate and eggs.
a tutorial for a chocolate based recipe is being shown.
in a kitchen, someone is cutting chocolates into pieces and pouring melted butter in a bowl
a person is cutting the dark chocolate with the help of a knife.
the person is making a butter chocolate frosting.
a woman cuts the chocolate into small pieces and mixes various ingredients in a bowl
a person cutting a dark chocolate bar using a knife.
culinary recipe with chocolate bars, milk, flour and eggs.
a man provides a recipe with chocolate, melted butter, and sugar.
he's teaching a recipe with chocolate.
two man and a woman dance ballet in a theater .
two ballerinas in white and a ballerina in black perform on stage
a eagle man rolls a man in the drama stage with background angle is dancing.
a man falls to the ground and a woman in a long and loose black dress gets closer to him
a person is standing over another person who has just fallen down while a ballet dancer is dancing in the background.
three people dance the ballet on a stage. there is one woman dancing in the back while another person stands over a man on the floor. there are blue lights and smoke all around.
bale dancing theater black swan looks like
three people are dancing two of them are wearing white dresses and one is wearing a black dress.
someone is looking at some kind of video on tv.
a ballet performance on a stage with two people in white and one in black
the guy created the habits of our institutions and the habitats they occupy
a person drawing explain in the business and soceity
describe about an academic school, the habitat of this institution.
a man comments and draws to explain about fundamentals of economics.
a drawing showing an outline of what appears to be everyday activities.
the diagram is showing how academics are working or not working.
a man is drawing a cartoon that is part of a much bigger picture
a tutorial explaining how to make wealth , there are many draws of persons and houses
someone is drawing and telling something about the habits of our institutions
man drawing with a black marker and explaining institutions
a man joins threads together
a man demonstrating how make a particular knot from string.
the video shows a man telling how to tie a knot with the help of a orange thread.
teaching how to knot to join two ends of threads
a person is telling tricks to link two-chord hardly.
a guy is showing how to make a knot with two tread.
a man showing how to make a knot with two colored threads on screen.
a persons is using their hands to twisted an orange and white wire.
the man show you how to tie a rope with two string
a man teaching how to make a knot with the end of two different threads, one white and one orange.
i am showing type of mushroom.
something about a fungul food being  one of the best food of the world
the fungus formed in the cheese and some other food is shown which is black in color
this object is cutting some part and explain about that.
a british man is describing a tasting fungi in a praiseworthy way. there are many pictures of mushrooms and other fungi in the beginning of the video. the fungi is described as very expensive and can transform ordinary food into something phenomenal.
a man's voice talking about a much-loved type of delicacy called fungus. he explains that the fungus is extremely expensive while the food is cooked in its different types.
they r explining he space stonne how thhey are working
a food product contains fungi in their part
some food appeared on the screen and and some one is speaking about it
we have objects that appear to be edible or used in the kitchen
a purple cake with pink rose petals on top is being decorated.
a cake with purple icing is decorated on top with pink sugar petals and silver balls on the sides.
someone is placing rose pebbles on a cake.
there is a large purple cake and there is a person who put a bunch of pink flowers on top of it.
a lilac colored cake is being decorated with light pink petals on top and white beads interspersed on the sides.
a pretty purple cylinder shape cake is being virtually topped with pink petals on the top and shiny beads on the sides.
a purple cake is decorated with pink petals on top and silver dots along the side.
someone well known bakes a chocolate cake and decorates it
this video is showing you how to decorate cakes.
someone is decorating a purple cake with pink flowers.
a talking girl and a video of a beautiful butterfly
a butterfly flapping its wings getting ready to fly.
the butterfly is sitting on the leaf and a boy explains about it.
a butterfly is shown, situated on the top of a plant.
a butterfly is feeding from a green flower.
a butterfly is sitting for flower,and it is observed for honey.
a beautiful butterfly is flapping it's wings while standing on a plant.
a child talks about many things that you can explore about butterflies
a colorful butterfly feeding on the plant leaves
a brown-winged butterfly sits on top of a green seedling
two men are topless while they use sticks to break muck off a wall
two men without shirts dig on the side of a muddy slope.
two men digging the mud fast and hard.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
the two man to scrub the land with crowbar.
two men with a naked torso beat with shovels on a stone wall
two mens are digging .
two men quickly digging a hill using pieces of sharp branches at the ends.
two men dig up the ground with the help of crowbars.
there are two men making a hole in the soil with a knife
a person explanation to the tortoise
a boy with white shirt is holding a tray in which he has kept 7 baby turtles and  he is going somewhere with that tray to keep those turtles
a man is carrying a transparent box filled a bit of water and 7 baby turtles
a person showing tortoiseshells
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
seven baby turtles put in a plastic box ready to be released in a canal
a man with a small container filled with turtles goes to a lake.
seven little turtles in a plastic box
a boy is carring a tupperware with little turtles and water on it
a person is holding a clear container with seven baby turtles in it and then places it on the grass out side by a creek.
for those who do not have eyes to see, one sees only a painting. for those who have eyes to see, they see themselves expressing the feeling of oil on the screen
a woman is decorating a room with a wall full of small pictures.
this was a clip of someone showing off interior desing ideas.
a woman in a black blouse paints a picture while a female voice speaks in the background.
woman lets the viewer take a glimpse unto her art gallery. various tiles and icons on walls.
a women in the coloring desk try to paint in the wall.
black dressed lady is decorating alone her room
a person fit a draw in wall
there is a women drawing a picture on the wall
a lady in black dress doing art works in a bright room.
squidward is on a boat sipping from a coconut while singing.
a person wearing green shirt and pink garland enjoying his vocation and drinking coconut water.
a cartoon character singing while drinking coconut water in a boat
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
squidward from spongebob sings while sipping from a coconut shell and riding in a canoe.
animated drawing character appears using a hat and singing
a funny cartoon character with coconut water in his hands, is going somewhere in a boat and singing a song in relaxing way
squidward wearing tourist clothing sits in a chair and drinks from a coconut while singing a song.
a man singing and enjoying a drink on a cartoon.
in a vehicle ,an old women sitting and moving
a man is addressing americans at a podium with microphones in front of him on the topic of peace in vietnam.
an older man in a suit talking into a microphone.
a us government official announcing peaceful negotiation with vietnam
a man is speaking while sitting behind a table with two microphones facing him.
a person with black dress is speaking on mic
man using a suit and sunglasses giving an interview sitting in front of a beige curtain
this reporter talking about peace in vietnam and south east asia
a old person speaking about peace in vietman.
an official statement by a senior government official in a room
a old guy in suit is sitting on a chair and talking over mic.
two women are standing with police cars behind them.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
two young ladies meeting in the rain and one hands a note to the other who isn't pleased.
two woman are side by side when one woman is suprised by a man and walks towards him.
the female is giving something and walking in the rain.
a women handed over the phone to another women .
heavy rainy and a girl expose the expressions to see the hero.
there are two girls and one girl gives her phone to the other girl
two women are standing in a parking lot while police cars are in the background as rain pours around them.
trailer: two girls in the rain, one of them leaves, seeing the other hero
nadine ruffin - the choreographer - talks to two performers on stage
two women conversate on a stage with the lights off as a home observes from far
a choreographer and two others discussing the arrangements of a music concert is going to happen on a stage.
a presentation with three people on a rehearsal stage.
crew members discussing the sequence of a show.
two guys and one girl are on a stage in blue lights.
the picture is showing and one one is standing in the theatre and watch it
a choreographer talking to two people in a dark scenario
performers are talking about how to do a performance.
three people holding mics in their hand talk to each other on the stage. the concert is about to begin. the big auditorium has many vacant seats while a man with blue check shirt stand up and looks towards the stage.
close up of a model jet plane and then zooms out showing several more model planes.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
it may be an areoplane exhibition
several model airplanes on grass at an outdoor event.
an aero-plane show showing different types of prototypes of fighter jets.
probably a miniaturized aircarft show, video  shows two aircarfts with a german voice over speaker
a person is speaking about the air jet plain which is standing in the garden
people are at a gathering of flying mini planes.
a small fighter flight models are being focused and ready to fly behind another one in a row.
an aircraft can be seen along with two people in the ground.
a very beautiful african american woman is reaching for something in the sky while she is singing.
singer singing a song with her arm raised to the sky her hair being moved by the wind in a deserted place with natural vegetation
a girl sing the song and step with dance in outside nature
rihanna sings in a white top in a deserted area.
a young woman wearing white full sleeve tunic is singing happily in an open field with blue sky as the backdrop
rihanna singing in her music video diamonds while in  the desert
the singer is singing a song.
a black woman in white is singing and reaching towards the sky with her right arm before pulling it down.
a woman is singing and dancing with her hand raised
a women is singing a beautiful song
a person is dipping churros in chocolate sauce
someon is dipping a churro in to chocolate in a bowl.
a man dips a churro into chocolate sauce three times.
a person dips a long bread stick into a bowl of rich, dark colored chocolate pudding.
a person dips a breaded dessert into a cup of chocolate three times.
a person dips a stick into a white bowl of chocolate.
someone dips food into chocolate sauce with their hands
the pudding is sitting in the white thing.
a hand dips a small churro repeatedly into a bowl of chocolate dipping sauce.
a churro is triple dipped into a chocolate dipping sauce held by a white bowl.
a white woman is wearing a garland with a t-shirt
a girl in a blue blouse putting on a pink necklace and watching how it turned out.
a blue t-shirt girl is wearing pink beaded chain.
brunette woman in blue top tries on necklace and jewelry.
a women is wearing chains by adjusting their length
the lady is showing how to make a small necklace from big necklace.
a woman wearing a blue shirt puts on two pink beaded necklaces.
a girl wearing necklace and adjusted the necklace and she is wearing sky blue colour tshirt
a young lady wearing blue t-shirt having tucked her blond hair with a hairclip is trying a beaded necklace and checking.
girl is wearing a jewel.
a khaki truck is driving to the building  with a map display and phone display.
video game player demonstrates how to save in the middle of a game using your smartphone.
a barren truck is parking around in the intersection of a fictional gameworld.
a man explains how to play truck simulator
a green pick-up stopping at an intersection in the road on a computer game.
part of gameplay shooting with the game map and the streets where the game takes place.
the streamer is driving a car and opening the phone in the gameplay.
a man is guiding how to play a game
a screen recording of a game is playing
a car travels the streets alone, the car passes near a store with a white facade. the vehicle is a single cab pickup.
there a person start the bike for riding
raising the accelerator to ride the race bike on the road
one person is telling about the bike which is in blue andcand black
presentation of a small black-blue bike
we show details on the bike.
man pulling the accelerator on a motorcycle and explaining some details about the motorcycle
man giving information about blue motorbike
a younger man discusses a two-wheeled motor vehicle of sorts.
a super bike has been gave accelorator woth great power.
a man shows a motorcycle and shows how the handlebars work.
cyclist on a red bicycle wearing a helmet and black clothes falls on the velodrome in the race dispute.
dash cam video of a biker losing control of his bike and crashing to the ground.
the importance of prudence when turning the handlebars of a bicycle walking on a street or sidewalk of burnt concrete that is extremely smooth, taking into account even though the tire of this type of bicycle is thin and somewhat smooth too, the slightest carelessness caused the fall that fortunately was not serious
a cycler wobbles and falls in slow motion while riding in a velodrome.
two men are riding their bicycles along a cement pathway, and the 2nd man loses control of his bike and falls.
in this video we can see a cyclist is in velodrome and then he falls down
a cyclist in a cycle race falls down in the track.
two persons are riding bicycles on a velodrome. the last of them is having a crash.
a person in black clothing riding a red bicycle. the bicycle crashes on the right hand side.
one person felt down during a cycling race.
a music video by b;lake shelton of the song gods country.
a man singing alone with an angry face expression, he is wearing a black jacket.
a white man in a black shirt in a dark room is singing a country song
a middle aged man is singing a song about his distress
a man dressed in dark clothes and silver hair singing a song
a middle aged small beard man singing a song
a white man with a beard and green eyes speaks
a man express very nicely while acting to sing a song
a man with a blond beard and blue eyes sings a song.
a person is singing a song with his maximum breath control.
a woman in a white dress presents a tv show and has three people beside her. a man with pink hair walks towards the camera man.
four people on a stage talking with bright flashing lights behind them.
there are three wipmens and a men standing on the stage
a group of four people perform on a stage.
four youngster presenting a show a girl speaking, in a while another person walks forward
a television program with four young people, the language spoken is not english.
four presenters on the stage are talking and also interacting with the audience.
the host of a show are laughing while one is walking towards the producer
a group of kids sing songs on a white stage
four presenters with nice clothes on the stage are talking and also interacting with the audience.
a team from threemen and one woman are singing on the stage
a girl in red plays piano as a part of a stage performance.
a man singing very well.
a band of five men and one woman, playing music on a stage. the celing is purple and the walls have gold pattens on them.
a woman in a red dress is playing a keyboard with the band.
the band group is playing the instruments and singing a song.
a band of three men and one woman play guitars and sing.
a man is singing a song while playing guitar with his team on the stage
a band plays on a stage and a man sings and plays guitar.
a group of 60's musicians play and sing
a group of small puppies are eating food from a large dish.
a pack of dogs are eating their food
six small cute puppies are eating from the big plate
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
the five dog is eat food in the plate.  the black and coffee color is dog.
beautiful puppies eating, all cute and close together, very cute
six puppies sharing and enjoying a large bowl of food.
several black and brown puppies are eating from a metal bowl.
the puppies were filling their tummy by eating their  food
the dogs from different species eating their foods and enjoying.
it's a brief tutorial about how to make a paper airplane. it only shows two hands holding the paper plane on a wood desk
some one is observing the paper crafted aeroplane
someone is making an aeropland made from paper
preparation with the hands of a paper plane
someone is making a paper air plane and trying to fix the top of it.
there is a child making a plan with paper.
that person made a paper plane and is enjoying it.
paper aircraft is being folded with scientific accuracy.
a paper made rocket was very sharp and white to see
a white paper crafted rocket is shown in different angle in hands.
a person in a white shirt dancing in the street and having fun
the man is standing outside throwing something far.
a boy in the video is wearing a woman shoes and acting like a woman
a man in heels stumbles before strutting down a road.
there is a person walking around in the street with white on
a person wearing tight black pants and a white shirt shows off a runway strut on the street.
a man is  trying to walk in heels.
that is one crazy drunken dancer walking down the street.
a girl in a white shirt almost falls over, but then start walking.
a person in a white shirt and black pants stumbles then begins to runway walk when the music begins.
a woman with black nail polish prepares a sandwich.
a girl with her beautiful hands is making a yummy sandwich for herself
a person preparing a sandwich made with meat, senape, ham and cheese.
a sandwich is being made. the bread is being sliced it is filled with pork, ham and cheese.
preparing a sandwich on the table using a knife and ingredients
video on how to make a delicious ham sandwich
person cutting bread to prepare a lunch and puts it in a pan.
a woman is preparing sandwich using bread, meat, cheese, mustard and vegetable.
the video shows step by step how to make a sandwich indicating the ingredients in the top corner
a video of 5 sandwiches you will love packing for lunch.
a woman explain about time management program  through slide show
this video is a cartoon that explains the importance of time managment.
a woman is talking about time management for success.
there's a person who is talking about time management skills.
a commentator tells about the time management skills through a animated video.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
it's about the importance of time-management in working activities
list of skills, the second is time control, you see a man angry because he has too many things to do
angry cartoon office worker with a woman describing time management.
an animated video telling the importance of time managment.
the car doors are manufactured and are fitted to the car
worker in a car factory applies a door  to the manufactured car.
a man dressed in black is attaching a door to a vehicle in a factory.
a worker working inside a factory driving a black door to fit a car
a person is in a car factory  and is pulling up a door part of the car and fixing it
a man is pushing a door of the car and fixed it in a car
boy with a car door in his hand, he finds himself in a car assembly industry!
a man with black shirt is carrying  a door car in a car factory.
a person with black tshirt is try to fix a car door
car manufacturing company,where a man is taking  the door of a car to assemble.
one person is putting something in cannel and pushing in to it
a person insert the explosive in to the artillery
a dog in its kennel looking for a place to get out
this man is loading the big gun with a cruved stick.
a hand places ordinance into the mouth of a canon then tamps it in with a long curved silver pipe.
there is a cannon and there is a person who is putting stuff into it.
a black cannon being fed with white crumpled paper with a bent iron rod.
a hand triggers the fuse of a cannon
a person in a grassy field shoves gun powder wrapped in tin foil down the barrel or bore of the cannon, using a metal stick known as a rammer.
some aluminium paper bundle putting inside some pipe hole. and pushing with walking stick.
a man with a skinny face with the word good death on his side
a poor bald white man have smile in his face
there is a man smiling in front of the camera
sick peoples were giving the good death to impact
a man with a beard and high cheeckbones and big ears is smiling.
an ill man is showcased, who is then probably instructed to give a smile while on camera.
a man with beard showing his teeth
a man smiling differently, and it shows it may be the last smile.
a man smile and ready for a death
a skinny person having brown color beard and wide open eyes smiling
a man in a yellow suit runs on the bicycle in the city and asks a woman on the sidewalk to move away
a person wearing flourisent green  colored sleeves top riding a bicycle on road
a women cross the road very fast at the time a man ride the bike
video from the camera-recorder on a bicycle while riding on city streets
a man with a green shirt riding a bike outside
a man is riding the cycle to capture the road with camera and press the sound alarm when a lady crosses the road.
men riding a bicycle on the street with horn.
a person ride a cycle at road side he is ride very fastly
a woman dressed in purple is asking what is the most relevant experience ever obtained
white man with green long sleeve blouse riding a bicycle shoots only the part of the handlebars with a red horn walking around the cyclist lane with several cars passing by he touches the horn when a white woman in a coat and black pants passes in front of him and then stop it and move on then
a spider man with red color dress flying in the air.
it is scene from a movie called spider man where he is trying to save a  girl in the scene
a car has been destroyed by a truck and spiderman is coming to deasl the situation.
excerpt from the movie spiderman
spider man is flying over the building to save the people.
a spider man escaping from a crash scene.
a truck is accident with a car and a spider man jumping from the the sky
truck crashing into a car, and the spiderman flying over the buildings
truck destroys small police cars and superhero spider-man approaches the sky with his heels from buildings
a superhero wanders the city undisturbed
many swimmers are competing with each other in a pool
in a sky blue colored swimming pool, many persons are swimming.
swimming race is shown from a top view. the audience is cheering.
a swimming competition where a sports commentator commits what is happening
a swimming contest with seven sports swimmers. the middle streak swimmer is winning.
in the big swimming pool the players are on the race
a man and a woman narrating a swimming event involving 8 men
swimmers are swimming in the swimming fool in a competition
a commentary of swimming competition of 7 participants in an 8 track pool.
a group of eight swimmers are competing in a swim competition.
someone's hands finish assembling a blue and yellow origami star.
the person is doing some craft work with yellow and blue color papers.
very beautiful creation and make it simple use long time color paper.
blue and yellow star-shaped paper folding
a pair of hands folds blue and yellow paper into an origami star.
a person demonstrates paper craft techniques using a blue and yellow paper.
origami folding techniques are displayed. synthpop is heard, the kind that puts an extra layer of hair on the chest of david hasselhoff.
they folding a color paper and make a star
a person making a paper craft by using papers
the person is making a star while the music is playing .
it is raining heavily and there is a storm, a wood piece fell on the car.
a very big storm in chile destroying every thing in its path
wind is very fast on  the street  and dangerous
a stroam was attacked a city, and that was well captured.
a car struck with hurricane , trying to escape from this mess
the cyclone damaged car part as well as other part
the storm and the car are parking in the road
wind is blowing very strongly while people are driving.
objects are thrown at parked cars during a hurricane in the streets of concepcion, chile.
a strong storm that falls in a city with wind dragging objects hitting a car.
a man shows a rope that is green after he finishes tying it.
he is showing us how to making a round knot.
someone is showing how to tie a knot and make a circule.
a person is talking about the result of a specific type of knot.
a man holds a green rope with a knot and says this is what it should look like when you're done.
the green rope is being hold on both sides by people.
a man explains what a loop should look like when done.
a man explains how to tie a knot using a green rope
someone showing a knot in a string that they just tied.
someone is holding a green rope and showing you the know that was in it .
a doctor is talking with a professor in a hospital.
there  are three people one person  is a patient and other one is sn attendee and a doctor. both the attendee and doctor came out of the patient room and are discussing  something
episode of some kinda of nursing show two guys in the hospital acting like a doctor and a nurse coming out a patientâ€™s room
in hospital two doctors come out from the patient room into inquiry hall and talking to each other.
a doctor checked patient and explaining about his health to his relatives..
doctors were discusing about the patient situation at bed
the doctor treat a patient and discuss their relatives
there is a doctor come outside  in to the cash counter
excerpt from a medical series with two doctors leaving the patientâ€™s room
in hospital a patient lying on bed doctors are give treatment to  him after the treatment at the end doctors are come out
today we will learn how to airplanes and fly them.
the paper airplane is flying through the sky.
a man talks about how to create a paper airplane.
some one is making a paper plain call arrowhead.
a cartoon image of a paper plane called an arrowhead is shown while a male voice describes the plane.
the narrator describes the arrowhead, a paper airplane that is easy to make and flies over 100 feet.
a model plane is shown that's easy to make and flies over one hundred feet.
an intro to making a paper airplane in the style of arrow head.
person describes the arrowhead model paper airplane before showing it fly.
a tutorial on how to make a paper airplane.
two cartoon characters talking bout map.
sponge bob and patrick are looking at a map
some one is looking at sponge bob on tv.
sponge bob cartoon with sponge bob and patrick doing something together
a cartoon shows two characters speaking and mopping with their eyes.
bob esponja and patricio take their eyes out of the orbits and moves them quickly on the table
spongebob squarepants have their eyeballs rolling on a map in front of them.
spongebob and patrick both are discussing about map
a scene from the cartoon sponge bob where it shows bob and patrick with their eyes popped out
spongebob episode where they are dressed as a pirate.
a lady is asking for subscribing disney channel for watching whosie clips.
two frames showing different images on a light blue background with floodlights
choice between clicking left or right to see more about tv show actors or watching music videos.
beach movie and movie music video is played
a blue tshirt man speaking to his girl friend
commercial about a series shown on the disney channel
an invitation to subscibe to disney channel with attractives ads
two screens are appearing on the screen with videos playing in it
times to watch this show on disney channel
presenting teen beach movie channel with asking to subscribe
the winner of a wrestling match is proclaimed by the referee. the audience is in approval.
a referee of a wrestling match holds the arm up of the winner of the match before both of them begin to walk away from the competition floor.
judge presents fighter in yellow overalls in the center of the ring as winner of the fight
a boy has just won a wrestling match.
the referee is holding and raising the hand of the person won the match.
the coach announces the victory of the sportsman.
a referee lifting the hands of wrestling match winner.
a referee is holding up the hand of the winner of a wrestling match.
a referee holds a wrestler's arm in the air on the mat as he is announced as the winner to a cheering crowd.
one boy won the match so referee is holding his up and cheering him
a man taking out a plastic face from a locker.
a guy opeing his locker bring out a mask looking at the mask,then threw it on the ground.
a boy opening the closet and picking up a white mask with a big nose
a man with curly hair opening a cabinet and taking a face mask
a man opens up his locker room, and finds a mask inside of it. he throws the mask away.
a man is looking into a locker and pulls out a mask.
a man with white color dress and long hair is open a cupboard and take a mask.
it is scene from a movie  where the herione sees a and go through a locker
a boy with red hair opens his school locker then he pulls out a mask.
a curly  haired boy is opening his cupboard and is watching a terrible mask in very curious manner
a person holds up a soft taco filled with ingredients.
person picking up one of the mexican tacos that were on the table
very delicious, mouth is watering to eat. i will come to mexico even only to eat this.
a person is holding tacos
a commercial for a restaurant with tacos as the main course for most items on the menu.
a colorful stuffed chapathi is shown.
a person is eating a homemade taco.
person showing tacos, a typical mexican food
close up of someone picking up a taco off a plate of tacos.
a person is pick up the food in his hand and show it in the camera
girl with a bright bow and bright glasses among the festive hall with balls
a very lively young woman at her colourful birthday party.
a young girl talks to her phone camera describing about the decorations for her mother's birthday.
a girl talks about her brother birthday celebration set-up.
a blonde girl comments and films a place that seems to be her birthday party.
a blonde girl with a purple ribbon and sunglasses on her head is talking and there are balloons in the background.
in the brother's birthday party a pretty girl recording video.
a girl wearing glasses on her hair who talks about her birthday and her brother's birthday
the girl are speaking in mall
blonde girl in bright clothes, bright glasses and a tail on her side presents an entertainment program in the hall, marked by balls
a person achoring a tv show at the end of the show.
a full bald man in glasses and a dark shirt tells something
some guy is explaining about a jet when it is landing on the helipad
the man is thanking the people for coming to ireland .
a man from the national theater wishing people to enjoy ireland and stay safe.
a man gives a promising speech, telling them to stay safe and hoping he can see them soon.
a man wearing specs from national theater informing to people to stay safe in home
bald man is blue shirt is talking in a library.
elderly man wearing glasses and a blue shirt in a dark environment reading a text on teleprompter.
fat, bald white man with a gray shirt wearing glasses behind him a yellow lamp, a brown wall and a dark door with a metal frame on the left
woman changing her style during the days of the week wearing the same clothes
a video depicting a woman showing different looks over the course of a week.
a girl wearing grey color skirt is making some poses on different days of weeks
a girl makes a tik tok video in a blue floral dress
a woman changing her glasses and hat by days
alternating portraits of the same girl day after day in the same clothes, but in different images
a woman changes the prop she wears on her head while a voice tells the days of the week.
this video shows some girl is doing pillow challenge for a whole week`
a women show the dress with different model
a woman tying the pillow to her body recording clips every day
there is a man that is talking about a satellite that is going around earth.
some one is explaining about satellite and satellite is revolving around earth
the centre part of satellite machine is showed when it is rotating the earth in space
there is a sattelite moving around the earth
in this video we can see a satellite and a man talking about him
a schematic satellite orbits earth in its orbital.
a male voice is narrating a graphic about satellites.
showing in detail how this satellite works.
a graphics image of a satellite revolving around earth
satellites how they carrying their parts over the globel
a small bomb explodes in a residential area, with a white house, two cars and several trees, and in the explosion a tree is thrown to pieces everywhere.
three cars are in the shed suddenly the fire is getting on the tree  and the branches are broken soundly
a thunder strikes a tree on a stormy day in the backyard of a house.
a lightning striking on a tree and tearing it apart.
a bolt of lightening rips through a homeowner's tree and its debris narrowly misses their 3 parked vehicles.
tree falling next to a house but not hitting them
a lightning strike on the tree and pieces of it fall.
a tree falls near cars when struck by lightning.
outside, a bolt of lightning strikes a tree and it explodes.
suddenly lightning struck a tree and that tree fall.
san is showing off his godzilla figurines on what looks like a lego background.
there are two dinosaurs made out of pieces of lego.
a person is keeping two toys in front of each other
man showing his amazing lego toys
lego enthusiast showcases two types of godzillas he recently created.
a multicolored background is shown as two lego created toys are placed on it.
a male voice showing off his toys of godzilla and shane godzilla.
the video shows some funny toys where someone is having fun
the dinosaur toys are standing in the garden
a man places two lego dinosaurs in front of a green and blue background.
a girl jumped in the stage in tuck position
a young girl in a purple shirt and black shorts in jumping on a trampoline in a yard surrounded by trees.
a girl jumping on a trampoline outside her house in the garden
a woman in blue dress is playing trampoline workout in outdoor.
a woman in blue t-shirt is jumping on the trampoline.
a girl in a purple half tee-shirt and black shorts is jumping and flipping on a trampoline.
a young girl wearing a violet t-shirt and black shorts is jumping high in a trampoline.
a girl in purple t- shirt jumping on a trampoline.
a girl wears a blue top, playing on the trampoline.
a girl jumping in a trampoline with a background voice giving guidance and tips.
a man is giving a leacture about sleep and learning.
there is a guy in black shirt talkng to the crowd.
a man in a black shirt is standing up with a thin headset on is speaking while using his hand motions.
the man is telling how sleep is very important.
a man talks about importance of sleep.
a man giving a presentation of some fact
a guy in black shirt wearing a ring in his right hand and holds onto a remote and speaks in the mic which is placed in his ears.
a motivational speaker or a teacher explaining the need of sleep before learning.
a white, blond man in a black shirt talking to a lapel microphone with a led background behind.
a blond man in a black button-down shirt wearing a headset microphone speaks and gestures with his hands to demonstrate the word before.
a blond boy talks about some green and red sneakers of the nike brand
a man is talking about shoes on a tv show.
a boy speaking about a beautiful and colorful shoe in his hand which is made for dance.
a young boy is talking about his colorful nike tennis shoes and how a lot of people are buying them.
a man is discussing a pair of shoes in front of a wall of shoes
a young man explains about the safety gloves used for playing in the field. the man at the sports goods shop.
a boy wearing white t-shirt is in his footwear store holding a pair of green shoes with toe colour in red and is explaining it to the camera
a guy is talking about his. nike shoe
there is a guy that is describing a pair of nike shoes
a boy is explaining by holding both the sneakers in hand.
the pen queen are played with ice area
a group of penguins are looking at a foreign bird and defending themselves in a huddle.
a bird is encroaching on penguins, the penguins form a defensive circle to stand their ground.
a film of penguins forming a defensive circle against their foes in the snow.
a group of penguins form a protective circle to fend off a bird
its an ice land area,where a ducking is fighting with group of penguins.
a duck is moving around alot of penguins in a snowy place
a person explains about some penquin playing with one duck in the snow land.
a group of penguins (rookery) come together to stop a duck from terrorizing them on a snowy ground.
attack of a large seagull on a flock of kids penguins
a woman reporter is talking about politics while a man is listening
a woman in dark green t-shirt is reading news in the television.
us house speaker explains to news reporter why she disagrees with president trump's use of the medication hydroxychloroquine..
excerpt from the news with an elderly man who is silent, and an elderly correspondent with a scarf on his neck who is telling something
it's a brief scene coming from a breaking news channel. on the screen there are a man, on the left, and a woman on the right. she is the only one how is talking about the disadvantage in taking something disapproved by the scientists especially among at risk group composed by old and obese people
two news readers talking about the drug referred by trump for corona.
report with a man and a woman talking.
a female news reader is reading news and a man's photo was shown
two people talk about trump's defense over a drug on a tv show.
a woman speaking to a cnn news anchor
small kittens are fighting
4 kittens playing with each other in a house.
four kittens are playing in the room
four little kittens playing and they meow looking for they mother.
four white and grey kittens play in a chair.
four kittens are playing with each other on a mat.
three white kittens and one gray play in a cradle
a species of animal that can be raised inside your home without any fear
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
four very cute little kittens - three white, one gray, play and peep
the person is making a small gilder from construction paper.
a pair of hands showing a pink paper hang glider from the top and underside
someone displays a finished paper airplane to upbeat music.
a paper airplane is shown being held by a pair of hands while the text hang glider appears on the screen.
someones hands manking a hand glider out of paper
an image of a paper airplane made from pink paper
someone showcases what the hang glider style of paper airplane looks like.
two hands flip over a paper hang glider, showing the top and underside of the craft.
a person is showing off a hang glider paper airplane.
someone is demonstrating how to construct a hang glider paper airplane.
a man explaining how to play a video game.
gamer is playing a game displaying getting a new plant then a flower keep losing the petals.
the interface of a game is shown on a gaming channel, while the host offers his commentary.
the streamer thanks for watching with the game video running.
showing guide to a game lost city part 1.
a screen recording of a game is playing
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
guy show how to play the computer game
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the boy is explaining about the game.
a person singing a song with orchestra in a concert.
a guy with navy cloths and red hat is singing on the stage of a theater.
everybody prays jesus and he is the owner of every house.
a person is singing with jesus song and they are watching
an opera singer is singing on the stage.
man with a plaid beret and a blue soldier jacket sings while onstage
the person with blue dress is singing on the stage while the chorus sing together.
presentation and a man for the audience.
a man with blue jacket and red cap is singing on a stage, in a big gathering
a man wearing blue jacket is singing on the auditorium
a man explaining about the sensor which kept in the engine.
a man removes a connector on a vehicle's engine.
a person is explaining how to repair or check a some pieces of a motor
video footage showing under the hood of a vehicle.
a man demonstrates how to repair an engine circuit of a vehicle.
engine car parts are shown and some one is explaining about its parts
the electric device check to the that man. the deice is large.
the person is talking about the working of some machine.
showing the engine that has a wrong plug connected
its a car bonnet and a man is talking about the car engine.
a cat is in a classroom on the table with people around, it jumps off and walks away.
an orange cat lying on a desk in a classroom which gets up and walks out.
a cat sits and listens the class and moving around the place.
a cat can be seen in a class, lying down in a desk and leaves it
in the class room all students are wearing blue color uniform and one cat is sitting on the table in front  and the  cat going to outside of the classroom
the cat lying on the table is getting down and walking towards the door.
in a classroom full of students, a cat is laying on a desk and then run away.
class room study for one cat and also stay for that cat all time.
a cat is sitting in the class room on the table
there is cat sit on the table in a calss room
buying online groceries with a smart fridge
a machine is displaying some content and reading it and a boy is doing some activity.
in kitchen a little boy in full hand tshirt put  the oil to the pan
a refrigerator which allows to order & search groceries and recipes through voice search.
a coffee maker show a huge meachine and lady cleans the area.
a large refrigerator showing its feature about selecting different recipes.
a child pours a cream onto a cake near a black refrigerator with a white screen
there is person telling you about how to search out for recipes  to cook  and we find the person  cooking something
presentation of refrigerator with high-tech television.
a little boy apply something in the food he is sitting on the dinning table
excerpt from a shooting report featuring three officers from behind and a reporterâ€™s voice
it is a news report about shooting  and the shooter talked about shooting black people
a news report playing a radio transmission by police about a shooter.
a news about shooting black poeple on the cnn channel
many people, some talking and others running, at a crime scene.
theres a group of males wearing neon green safety best, they stand together very close to each other.
some of the people was shooter one person then the police will be funded.
a news snippet talking about a shooting of the black people.
report on shots fired at people on a busy street.
excerpt from a television news story about a shooting
well, a video that doesn't tell me much,
a woman is giving thanks to all the students speaker
a dean of a university is on video call presenting awards for students
a woman is speaking in front of web camera
a lady with blue top and scarf on is talking in front of a screen.
a woman is talking in a tv channel about the students.
an old lady who is the dean of the school of education thank the students in a video
a women speaking in the television
a professor with blue in the office recording video to thank the students for the words.
a lady with short hair and floral scarf is sitting and talking to the camera.
young singer singing a song into the microphone
a musician showing his performance on the stage
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a guy wearing sunglasses and a jean jacket is singing into a microphone and smiling.
the person wearing a jean over coat is singing a song standing on the stage.
one girl in blue dress wearing cooling glass singing song in mic
musical performance of person singing into microphone wearing sunglasses.
there is a guy singing to the camera and talking a lot
a man is singing a song in a very cool way.
a man singing that's dressed in a denim jacket and black glasses.
a news about president donald trump speech.
trump is speaking, its for break news for tv
american president trump make a speech infront of the audience
president of the united states of america - donald j trump during a cnn report.  the president is on a podium wearing a dark blue suit and a red tie while addressing a press conference.
president trump talking about what somebody has to do or what they may do.
donald trump speech in covid-19 declare in message.the white house is speech.
usa president donald trump is speaking at the podium
us president interview displayed on cnn network
a person with dark blue suit is talking in a news channel.
american president donald trump is speaking on a microphone, with several other people in the backgrpumd
a man holding a phone and behind the device a cell phone case with the image of the batman
a person holding his smartphone in his hand clicking on the instagram app to open.
a man is holding a smartphone with a black yellow, orange and red colored main screen with two apps icons and clicks in one of them
a social media expert is explaining about certain features about social media.
a man is making a video with a phone and talking about social media on the rise.
it is the intro to a video about social media and how it's growing.
someone is making a video,, but is talking waaay too loud.  i would be interested in what they had to say about their video if it didn't sound like they were yelling.
a mobile phone is held by someone and its features are being described.
man showing his mobile and talking about social media
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a soccer game is shown, with a man kicking a soccer ball down the field.
the players playing the basket ball in the play ground
a man is running kicking a football while others try to tackle the ball.
the man in blue taking football to the goal post.
during a footbal match a player leads the game continuing to kick the ball. he is wearing a blue and read striped t-shirt. his adversaries wear a white and red t-shirt
commentary of an action by the champion messi
the football player messi playing football in the ground
soccer player leonel messi dribbling the ball and beating all the defense
players are playing foot ball in the court
reproduction of a game protagonized by lionel messi in a soccer match
a person is holding a solved 4 by 4 rubix cube. he asks viewers to link or like his video. then he talks about giving an explaination for not reducing to a 2 by 2 rubix cube.
a person and showing rubik's cube and doing hand movement
a person is very busy explaining with rubik's cube
tutorial on how to solve a magic cube
two hands and a man's voice is talking he is holding a sort of rubic's cube
man holding a multi colored cube that is used to keep people from being bored.
a man explaining how to play puzzle box in a easy ways.
a person play the cube puzzle in front of camera
a person holding advin his two hands
the hands of a person holding a rugby cube and talking.
dough is inserted into the pan, with the plans to get away with pancakes at the end of the process.
a video explaining the  cooking method of a fluffy dish
there was someone in the kitchen who was cooking
someone is putting some dough in a oil pan and cooking some recipe
in cookery show,a fluffy pan cake is made.
over a non-stick pan a person pours the batter to make pancake.
a cooking tutorial with a female explaining to the listener what they should do to follow her instructions. a person making pancakes in a skillet.
a person spoons pancake batter into a pan and leaves it to cook for a bit.
a women is preparing a pancake on the pan
some one is preparing a dish in the bowl
a windstorm has gathered and is blowing debris.
someone on the balcony of a building seeing a very strong wind storm with several objects flying
video of the strongest wind taken from the balcony of a high-rise building
a home video showing a very strong wind.
there is a heavy storm where the waste and covers and dust are flying.
someone filming a tornado tossing debris outside of their window.
someone is in a buidling filming a tornado
there are high winds outside the balcony of an apartment, with debris and dust flying and visibility quite low.
strong  winds causing a lot of debris to float through the air during a storm.
high tornado filming by someone
the police men standing in the road and speking
a police officer is approaching a motorbike rider on the highway while several cars pass by from behind
in this video a policeman is fining a biker
motorcyclists pulled onto the shoulder of a highway speak with another man.
a man is investigating a road accident.
the person shooting the video is talking to other person in the highway.
a guy with navy outfit and cap is talking to the guy with camera under blue sky.
filming during what seems to be a medical care on a road
a cop is fining a man who came on bike
a man was following the car so police caught him
group of guys wearing black t shirt are performing dance in a colorful stage.
in a television show a bts mas dance show is going on.  some six actors are performing in a well  lighting stage.
a south korean boy band called bts is about to start singing, the audience is screaming in excitement.
korean youth group preparing to start their choreography.
a boy band begins their dance moves as the crowd screams wildly.
some girl  is singing and dancing  and the background was white
start of a korean music video clip called comeback where it shows the band bts preparing to dance/sing on a stage illuminated by a red light.
a boyband begins to perform a number to the cheers of fans.
a group of dancers posing in the spotlight
boys on a stage are performing a song to a crowd.
there is a lot of green plants that are hanging from a fence.
a house with a chair and plants in balcony
in a balcony of a building, a man describe the details of the decoration with many flowers that was done.
two large plants and a vase in the center with another plant, a small table with a cedar and a pillow in the corner
showing beautiful artificial showpiece
a balcony with a beautiful gray plant pot and a vime chair
there are plants on some type of outdoors upper deck or patio.
a beatiful patio with green plants and a sitting area.
interior decorator is explaining beautiful interior of the house
a room for relaxation with plants and a charming look
an earthquake in nepal
classical music plays in the background while someone films an earthquake in nepal
birds flying and dust in the air with oriental buildings in the background with caption saying earthquake in nepal.
a lot of dust storm behind the buildings and so many few damaged building birds are flying
an earthquake destroys a city in nepal, debris and dirt are flying around in sky.
a dust storm that is passing through a village.
a video showing the destruction in the asian country of nepal caused by an earthquake.
some natural disaster moreover as some tsunami
birds flying in the air above the rooftops and clouds of dust blowing around
heavy wind is blowing, dust is in the air and birds are all flying in circles
peoples are doing exercise with coach
a woman and little girls exercising
girls are warming up in front of the trainer.
little girls in black overalls are practicing while the teachers assist them
the girls are outside exercising to the sound of pop music.
some girls are practicing gymnastics in front of coaches
the gymnastic trainer is trained the group of people in a music background
couple of girls doing exercise and 3 ladies keeping a watch on them
in front of their trainers, childrens are doing their execises effectively.
all children's are practice in exercise
a man is popping caps off beer at a really fast rate and it is making a lot of popping noises.
a long dark haired man with a mustache in a blue shirt quickly removes caps from many bottles.
a guy is opening beer bottles
a man in a blue shirt rapidly opens bottles in quick succession.
there is a guy uncapping alot of bottles in a fast pace
the group of people were smashing something on the bottles.
a bearded man in a club quickly pops open dozens of bottles as people look on.
someone is opening some bear bottle with an opener.
a man with a moustache is opening beer bottles fast with an opener.
they are having fun clenaing out the bottles on the table.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a women in gown is back towards a guy sitting on chair.
a sitting boy and a girl dressed in a long dress in an epoch room
a man wearing long skirt and a man wearing suit are talking
portraying a gala era, long dresses and well-dressed men, a gigantic contrast today with our current clothes and customs
a woman and a man talking, a period film scene
the lover's look at good and very romantic
a young lady asks her friend to take off her apron
a man is sitting on a chair in a room and a lady is approaching him
in this video there are two persons, a man and a woman and the man are looking throw the window
minnie and mickey mouse at a bar talking in a crowd of giant pigs wearing biker clothes.
minnie mouse is making friends with a bunch of pig motor cyclists. mickey mouse is scared.
minnie mouse cartoon character speaks with mickey mouse and other cartoon characters
mickey and minnie mouse are cought by the group of pigs , mickey looks very frightened.
we have an animation of micky mouse where our favorite mouse is surrounded by warrior pigs
minnie mouse smooth talks her way out of trouble with a biker gang, but leaves mickey behind.
a cartoon is playing and micky mouse is speaking in the video
minie is talking with micky and other cartoons
an animated mouse is talking to a group of animated pigs.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a lady with short hair and glasses presenting a newscast.
a news reader is reading out news in television
a news segment taken from a bit on a deadly israeli airstrike, featured on cbs news.
cbs news reader from london is delivering news.
a cbs news anchor is about to begin discussing a deadly israeli airstrike.
a reporter wearing glass is speaking about middle east
an old woman correspondent wearing spectcles is talking about the event in tv newstime.
short-haired woman and black shirt presents television news program
a women with glasses reporting news on cbs channel
a woman journalist in black glasses giving some news
a woman wearing a purple dress walking with a man.
a men and women moving in the forest
the singer is singing a song.
the female with blue dress is walking and her hand is held by a male with black dress.
music video - singer and beautiful girl on a background of ancient buildings and nature
as a song plays with a man singing, a man and woman hold hands while walking before the woman swings on the tire as the man watches.
turkish couple walking around in a castle, then the woman uses a swing in the garden, while the man is watching.
music clip where there is a man and a woman and the woman is on a swing.
a music video with a man and a woman where they are dancing and then outside where the woman is swinging.
a girl coming inside the room while a person holding her hand and she again playing in tree there also there person coming
a wood driller placed on a piece of wood ready for drilling.
a wooden roll that is kept fit in a machine is ready to be drilled using a driller machine
a wooden frame fixed by a machine and the hand of a white man places another part of the machine to fix and rotates the wooden frame (piece).
a person drill the wood by using drill machine
a tool is being placed at the end of a carved wooden block.
a man shows a demonstration of a pointing machine with a wood connecting in it.
drilling down a piece of wood with heavy machinery in a wood shop.
a brown log is cut to make a decorate piece.
a person is creating a hole with screw driver.
holding and rotating wooden block on lathe machine
people wearing masks, then fades to an image of a public notice.
a news showing a scene in the hospital and then the data to report
a report with some excerpts in chinese talking about some kind of medicine.
some guy is talking about wuhan and covid virus and the impact
people in a hospital, wearing masks to protect themselves from the covid-19.
there is an information of carona starts in wuhan at 31 dec-2019
a link between pneumonia cases and the human seafood market was found by medical institutions.
people wearing masks during the coronavirus pandemic.
number of patients are seen lying on hospital bed
in wuhan city the pandemic is increasing day by day
a bearded man is holding a gun and moves his arm away when someone else tries to grab him.
a man in a grey jacket holding a gun
the man holding the run pulls away from the other perseon who attamped to take the gun from him.
a man is holding a gun and talking.
a man on stage holding a gun he says a woman kept in her garter belt the entire movie on set.
a man with a beard  is holding a gun and pulling away from another person trying to get the gun .
a man with a gun keeps someone else from taking his gun from him.
there is a big white guy holding a gun to his chest
a man dressed in grey holds a pistol away from another man reaching for it.
a guy is holding a gun and talking and another guy is trying to take it.
a family of elephants is walking around a grassland.
a guy is playing with a baby elephant.
a small baby elephant playing with his caretakers.
a baby elephant walks towards a man who gives the elephant a pat on the head.
baby elephant is trying to play with the man sitting on the ground by touching his leg with his trunk
a baby elephant playing on the dirt floor with a man wearing blue shorts.
a baby elephant is playing with a man, while happy music is playing in the background.
cute baby elephant playing with a human in land.
elephant calf walks and seems to want to play with a human next to him.
a baby elephant crawls toward a human while happy music plays
a woman in a pink top and black blazer giving a speech.
a woman in a suit speaks about what the famed therapest m. scott peck said about true listening means setting onside oneself.
a woman is seen commenting about film stars and she is wearing white shirt with black coat and is sporting long hair up to her shoulder
a lady wearing white shirt and black coat is doing her seminar.
a lady discussing true listening is required of oneself.
girl talking about somethings
the woman with black coat speaking some topic
best speech for this girl and important one word tell like me.
a lady wearing black coat with white shirt and performing for some program
a woman provides a talk to a large audience.
a burger is being shown and a female is speaking  in the background  telling from which shop she is ordering  that burger
variety of foods from olden days till today is displayed
there is a picture of a sandwich that his looking really nice
video showing two chopped sandwiches and a wagon
girl talking about food
two burger with one bite is shown in image nearby another image of john's shop.
a person compare the old and new version product by using picture
a diner and a burger that looks very good
describing the process of a famous sandwich making it to a restaurant.
the video shows very good food and a cart
there is a blue light crowds and people dancing and enjoying
some peoples are having a fun and dancing
several men are standing in what appears to be a nightclub and hip hop music is playing.
several black men are gathered in a place with a purple light. there's a policeman after one of those men.
group of young people confronting each other to later dance.
a bunch of black guys are in silence looking one to another when a song starts playing and they start to jump and dance.
the young men are standing in front of an authority figure and they begin to dance and rap.
a group of people wearing black and white dresses are singing and dancing around.
a man wearing white shirt and white cap is dancing to music with a group of his friends dressed in colourful dresses at night in a studio
tense situation with local authorities in africa, turns into street jamboree.
there is a very clean large loft style room with pillars and very large windows.
internal view of a building
in a large spacious building with many beams inside, a small black paper fly away.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the ground floor of a building is shown with voice
camcord video of the empty interior of the ground-floor of a building.
someone tests a plane model in a large garage
a building's huge empty floor is being showed.
newly renovated basement of the building with lots of pillars.
the airplane testing in the high building in the sunset time.the building is white fully.
a young man explaining the features of parked cars
a person explans about the two cars with the red and yellow colour at the garage
a black dressing boy explains yellow and red colour cars are so expensive and it is a show case cars as well.
guy showing of his yellow and red cars in his garage with man with black t-shirt and cap on
a bearded man showcases two sports car in a garage, one yellow, one red.
a bearded man in a black shirt and black cat is pointing at two cards in a garage.
a man having beard is talking and  red and yellow car are behind him
man speaks in front of the garage with two red and yellow sports cars
one man is explaining about cars which are red and yellow
man showing two luxury cars.
two men talking on a wooden board and one of them hits that board with a hammer
a supervisor is explaining a job to his technician as to how to fix the board tightly.
we have two adult men who appear to be in charge of making repairs in a home
a man is explaining another man about something
a man is teaching how to mount a wood floor.
two men laying and fitting modern wood flooring.
a man is flooring and tapping on it and explaining about that to other person.
a man is laying a wooden floor in a house.
a man is setting up the wooden floor of a house with a red hammer
a man with a silver watch shows us how to perform carpentry tasks.
here's a song about river journey geographic revision
the river beautiful photo into the music song
a song is playing while showing river profile for geography.
a song is playing with a photo of a river
a image of a river in a s shape and a text sayinghere is a song to help revise river profile for geography ks3, gcse and a level
music plays on background.
music is playing in the background while a text is a screen with a winding river and forest as backdrop
a river is shown in the screen and a journey song called geography revision with some background music.
picture of a river among green land and some advertise about geography lesson.
the picture of river with some text is displayed with a song playing in the background.
in the clip is a model in a red dress for an apparent commercial
a women in red gown climb steps and a person in gray suite walking after she.
a woman with red costume in the staircase followed by a man in the suite.
lady is walk, a man is looking the lady, lady is look for man
a dark-haired woman with a revealing red dress walks up stairs while being followed by a man in a gray suit and a dark tie.
a man in suits following a women wearing a red dress
a women in red is seducing a man
a woman wearing red dress is walking and a man is looking at him
the girl wear red dress climbing the stairs is followed by a man in grey suit.
a lady in red dress is walking who is followed by a man
a man and woman pray knelled on the floor with their heads down.
a man & woman are kneeling & praying.
two asian people, a man and a woman, sit next to each-other in prayer with chopsticks in their hands.
the lady and man are praying for the food.
a woman and a man kneels with hands in prayer motion, and the woman is speaking.
the man and woman are praying or singing in the field.
a woman in red clothing speaks energetically while waving a bundle of incense around, along with a quiet man beside her.
a woman with a man saying prayer before a meal with chopsticks.
the two people, male and female praying front of other people.
a couple prays for good fortune as other guests look on.
something is typed inside a box as a starting of a movie with black background.
an avenue in the background with several words appearing on the screen
beginning of film with name of the actors
there is a cloud moving on the sky
animated letters flashing one by one in a screen
a title slide, trying to make thrilled of full story.
there is a timelapse of a bunch of cars going by and then it turns to night time.
an introduction to a video showing a city at night.
footage of old appearance with traffic being presented and sayings on the screen.
it shows many vehicles are going and coming in the road
the two players are fighting with each other in a wrestling match.
there are two people who are wrestling and enjoying themselves
this is a video about two men wrestling, one in a grey outfit and one in a blue outfit.
two fighters dressed in blue and gray compete for a championship in the gym with a lot of noise and audience. the judge whistles when the gray one goes to the ground
amateur wrestling gladiators are in full combat in a public arena.
two girl wrestlers are wrestling in ground and audience are cheering
two young men wrestle at a match and one of them forces the other out of the ring
a blue silver jersey and a blue jersey are wrestling and pulling the blue jersey to the edge of the play boundary.
two young men face off in a wrestling match inside a gym.
two people wrestling on a mat while the referee officiates the match
an intro of mdtech videos with a background music
there is an advertisement logo of mdtech video's
there is introductory screen of midtech videos with vivid colors.
an opening presentation theme, being blue the main background color
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a company's logo (md tech video) assembles itself from moving parts.
some except in the starting our advertisement
adverisement clip of mdtech videos with colorful waves.
mdtech video's animated intro, which contains it's logo being formed.
bright lights circle each other in hdtech intro.
a video about a parent and his son and are making a video game streaming
in animation of super mario with mario looking into the galaxy of stars through a telescope
a digital landscape with a bright shining sun in a purple sky, presented by a small yellow mushroom man
this is a welcome back sequence from a nintendo video game
cartoon showing a forest full of colorful characters.
a graphic video game sky illuminates a land with a castle and a man is looking through the scope while a voice narrates the game.
a person seeing in the cartoon channels in tv
excerpt from a children's computer game with colorful houses and cute characters
a man and a child talking while showing gameplay with colorful scenery and moving characters.
a person give the instruction to the robot toy
a lady is busy doing some craft work
a girl is putting something on hair clip
woman handling and sewing a tape in a tie-shaped hair clamp
a woman is making hair accessory with the help of a glue gun
a person with pink nail polish is gluing a ribbon to a hair clip.
a woman with pretty nail polish makes a bow.
a lady with pink nailpolish in her hand teaches us some fashion work with a cloth knitted and a scissors.
a lady is showing how to create an ornamentic ribbon, using the appropriate tools.
a person explains how to decorate a hair clips with a hair bow
the hand crafting of a decorative bow clip.
plastic things use for another purpose for idea this make video.
a person is cutting a plastic box with scissors.
cutting green transparent plastic bottle with metal scissors
a green plastic bottle is modified with a pair of scissors.
the person is cutting green colored water bottle with scissor.
a person is cutting a green colored plastic bottle with scissors.
using a pair of scissors to cut the green plastic bottle.
some one is making a hand craft art with plastic bottle
a person is cutting a plastic bottle using a scissors.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
there is a kid who kicks the soccer ball and then another person blocks the ball.
a child will take a penalty while another child is in the goal, the kicker misses the penalty and the goalkeeper defends while an adult vibrates.
one boy hits the football but the other goalkeeper boy stops the ball
a little boy kick the soccer ball on into the other little boys face
two kids are playing soccer in the backyard
a boy kicks a soccer ball at a goal and it's blocked by the goalie kid.
legendary soccer kick by kid is even more legendarily defended by other kid. dad approves.
a small boy getting ready to play in ground
the children's are playing to the garden, the ball falling the outside.
surrounded by the sport vine banner, a young boy shoots a soccer ball on goal and another young boy blocks the shot while an unseen man cheers him on.
there are two elephants that are standing right next to each other.
2 elephant on the side of a lake and one is roaming around the little one.
the parent elephant is walking and kid elephant is standing near the river bank.
two elephants are near the water source in jungle
a baby elephant is not moving and a big elephant is walking
two elephants walking together as we learn about that the mother elephant feeds her baby milk.
amid the jungle with green bushes and a clear blue sky, an elephant is cooling off in the water and another walks on the edge of the lake
a big elephant and his/her half adult baby is grazing in a lake side in a jungle.
there are two elephants one is a baby elephant standing near a river for drinking water.
a baby elephant is drinming water while an adult elephant walks behind him.
motorcyclists waiting at the start of a race, racing on mini bicycles
preparation and start of arrival of children on small motorcycles
number of people participating in bike rally show
children start a mini-motorcycle race with parental supervision
a motor biker is a wearing suits and trainer and then racing with large group.
the child rider riding the bike.
guys with jackets and helmets sitting on bikes and riding them.
small kids are riding on small motors specially designed for them and participates in a bike race
a adult bikers riding a small bike with lot of joy.
showing a competition of children on their motorcycles.
various young  people in room celebrating chrismas
a group of people are enjoying christmas party and two of them are wearing santa claus caps.
a group of people are having a party together with christmas hat on.
man clapping and appreciate other players
happy people clapping and shaking hands at christmas
there is a group of people in a room clapping.
some are encouraging men by giving applause and taking photos of them.
this was  a clip of some guys clapping about something some were wearing santa hats.
people gathered together clapping in celebration
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
this movie in fight area
in the dark space there are spaceship and people are walking into it.
it is particular scene from the movie
it is a war field where big space ship falling on the earth and 2 aliens were moving into their spaceship
aliens are talking each other and going for a war
an air craft has landed and another is about to land
a tutorial of a video game showcasing bad guys
a war is going on and a spaceship comes and two character are talking and walking towards it.
avengers are describing to move the players to destroy the event
visual to the some thing incidents, two persons watching, and speaking.
a man is subcribing a video photo edidting.
man talking about his channel
an indian youtuber asks for subscribers. a smartphone is shown, illustrating the required menu movement to subscribe.
the boy is telling us to subscribe the youtube channel.
a person asking to subscribe his you tube channel by pressing bell icon.
a youtuber advertising his own channel on youtube.
a person explains about the video app on the mobile
a demonstration about using an app on a smart phone
a person is catching a phone and showing a video and telling people how to subscribe  to his channel
a man holding his smartphone in his hand says in hindi to subscribe his channel then one can get notifications.
a couple is enjoying and making videos listening to death metal songs.
man with guitar and woman listening to a metal heave song
some guy is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
loud music is part of the scene involving young man in plaid shirt and young woman.
a woman with long straight hair and a man holding a guitar singing heavy metal music
a woman and a man are dancing for the music in a room
the lively and unusual duet, everything seems calm until the heavy rock and roll begins in the background
the girl with black dress is clapping her hands and laughing.
a girl with black t-shirt and a guy with guitar singing song and enjoying in the hall.
a woman wearing black t-shirt sporting long blond hair is entertaining as a person holding guitar is seen disturbed
a man dressed in black is removing his black jacket
a man in a black coat shows off a jacket, and beside it is several clothes.
a white man trying on a dark gray jacket next to other clothes hanging on a hanger.
a man trying to show alternatives to wearing a puffer jacket.
a young guy in a hoodie presents a big warm jacket
someone trying a jacket in a shop by wearing and removing the jacket
the guy in this video is selling jackets and casual wear
a young guy is advertising about a black jacket
a man wearing a black jacket with hood get off this jacket and holding on his shoulder
a man is taking his jacket and he is talking about the ways he can wear it
a group of girls are waxing their legs with the help of razors
teen girls shaving their legs and a mother shoots them.
ladies applying make up to themselves in a room
the lady is showing the four girls how to shave in the tub.
there are lots of girls and they are shaving their feet
several girls in a bathtub shaving their legs with razors
women shaving their legs
mother teaches her kids to learn something new
several children in the bathtub shaving their legs with shaving foam
five teenage girls sit on the edge of a large white bathtub shaving their legs.
the craft is flying in the air.
a blue helicopter taking off in a hangar in the forests
a back color helicopter is very safe to land on the ground.
a helicopter is flown very closely to the ground driven by a test pilot.
helicopter is flying in lower height and in roaming around forest area.
a narrator is talking about a flying vehicle being a demonstrator platform
a helicopter is seen flying low over a water stream looking to land in the nearby green land in the backdrop of dense forest.
wonder full morning helicopter is flying
a very big aircraft flying in the air.
a helicopter is slowly flying over the river
a young lovers are loving in the roadside
two person is a hugging and carryon the road
there's a man and a woman who are about to make out and then the man carries the woman.
center of the forest buddies were romancing behind the car
there is a car  and a couple is standing infront of them. the boy wore a green shirt and the girl wore a cream frock both are hugging and talking to each other
scene from a movie where two young people talk.
there is a man and a women in the forest
these lovers love every moment.  such as a lucky girl.
a man and woman stand next to one another as the man suddenly lifts the woman up.
couple hug and talk, the woman pretends to throw up and laughs, the man picks the woman up.
a man is smoking while a women is just smiling
a black male is singing a romantic song with a scene smoking weed and a female interacting with another female.
a man singing and playing the piano in a video clip.
a person sing song and at a time play a piano
an artist blows smoke, then performs a song on the piano. a young lady approves.
a curly haired black young man is puffing out and sweetheart observing him with smiling face.
a person puffs smoke from their mouth and sings about a girl.
one men is smoking and singing song for one girl
braided hair man blowing smoke from his mouth, playing piano singing
black man smokes and plays the piano while singing to a woman.
multiple wooden pieces here used to make a wooden box.
a close up shot of a diy woodworking project in the yard
a man is outside working with a white 2 x 4 and talking about how to apply it.
a person who is discussing a home improvement project.
a man behind the camera show wooden item and talk about it
a man is showing how he works on his little roof
someone is telling about the technical details of the piece of furniture they are building.
a white metal beam is being set on top of a wooden table or deck.
a man showing wooden platforms on an iron base.
a guy showing how to make something, is about to cut a white piece of wood,
a wrestling match where the ref calls timeout due to one of the wrestlers is bleeding.
a view of a competitive wrestling match.
two young wrestlers preparing to continue their wrestling match.
after a wrestler in yellow goes down, the referee makes a decision and both wrestlers await.
two wrestlers heading to the ring and one referee
wrestlers in yellow and white uniforms prepare for a match.
the boxing between two persons is being moderated by another person. a large crowd is around the dias.
wrestlers campbell vs mejia and they both have 0 points and they are in the liteweight division and they are taking a breather.
two young athletes and a crowd are engaged in a televised wrestling event.
two young wrestlers taking a breather in a match.
a model shows a pair of trousers saying how she likes the way they fit.
a woman in a black shirt shows a pair of jeans to another woman in a pink shirt.
a woman is buying jeans with a costume designer telling about its speciality.
a woman holds a pair of jeans up high and shows it to the woman in pink
two women are talking about a clear blue jeans pants
a woman in pink and a woman in black is speaking about her jeans pant length handling
two women discussing the fit of a pair of denim jeans.
a woman in a pink blouse talking to another woman in a black blouse about jeans.
two girls are touching a pair of jean pants. the girl on the left is holding the jeans up and making a comment. the girl on the right is touching the bottom of the jeans and saying a few words, they look to be surrounded by clothes, this might take place inside some closet or dressing room.
a woman with black dress and show a jeans pant
a person in dress pants and a dress shirt is riding a skateboard in front of other people.
a guy in plaid and khaki, riding a skateboard onto a ramp and back.
a man in professional clothing skateboards alongside children in a park.
a man skateboarding in dress clothes on a basketball court.
an older man dressed in khakis riding a skateboard at a skateboard park
a businessman rides a skateboard onto a ramp for a young kid.
the man in the purpose shirt is skateboarding at the park.
a person in a dress shirt and pants is on a skateboard and does a cool trick.
a guy in a pink and purple shirt skateboarding
a clip of a man in office wear, riding on a skateboard. there is no sound in this video.
a blonde woman laughs and speaks into a microphone.
a person taking a photo of celebrity and she is  giving a autograph to some child
a nice blond girl smiling during an interview
a blond white woman with light eyes laughing and asking a question into a microphone
a woman with golden hair is laughing
nothing better than a smile to captivate the audience and relax for new questions, generating an animated dialogue
a woman is laughing and talking about the precious gift of god to audience who sat there
a girl is talking to a group of young people in a big room
a young blond woman with light eyes smiling and laughing
a room full of people listening to a young woman who is the guest speaker.
men speaking in a language other than english open a cap on a motorcycle.
high-end toy motor is scrutinized by experts. the tank of the vehicle is inspected.
there is a man checking for gas in his motor scooter.
a person opens up a small tank that's in their motor bike.
it shows the tank of a motorcycle for kids (apparently). they are speaking some language that is not english.
a man wearing jeans pants and a watch in his left hand is checking the fuel in his bike opening the red colour fuel tank as he is being asked by his friend
a hand is fiddling around with the part of a red motorcycle.
a man who is unscrewing the tank of his red moped.
one person is opening his red colour bike petrol tank
a person is opening the petrol tank of bike
a woman is getting out a stroller from a car
happy mother in front of optimal home announces that she is about to review the babycart she is showing herself with.
a ladies besides a car talking to people in a camera
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a lday is giving information about her and viewing a baby toddler
a woman cradles her daughter's pram
a blonde woman in a brown coat holds a baby stroller.
blonde woman talks while holding baby stroller in front of car with trunk open
a woman showing the shopping cart.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
white puppy plays a small red piano and is rewarding it with food.
a dog plays piano according to his masters hand movement and eats food given by him.
a white color dog is jumping and and a man trying to catch the dog
white puppy playing with his owner trying to give him a paw
a white puppy plays the piano while a woman feeds it treats.
a white dog is playing red piano
a dog is enjoying piano and giving his paw to his owner .
a small dog playing the piano and being rewarded with food
the white dog is playing keyboard and eating food.
a dog is putting his paws over a piano, a man gives him a treat.
a person uses a pencil to shade in a picture of a heart on white paper.
a person is making an art with pencil
someone is etching a heart from a white piece of paper onto a blue background.
a women is shading the backside of heart sketch with pencil .
a person makes a heart shaped piece of art using a pencil and white paper.
someone is shading a picture of a hart.
someone paints a painted heart with a simple pencil on the back
a person showing how to draw a diamond shape on paper and color it
a hand drawing a heart on a sheet of paper.
instruction is being given on how to make art.
sign showing a person's name and title next to a very green grass then a brunette child next to a white teddy bear appears shortly after a bearded fat man touching his ear and putting on a headset appears
a baby sitting with a toy smiles happily
a man is asking to a child whats app and the child is seating in the chair
a person with ear phone talking to small kid. it is a film whose executive producer is asahd khaled.
a kid wearing green dress smiling beautifully and a beard man fitting ear phone and talking
a man is see the girl baby, and he is speaking
famil happy time spent in park area
a man talking to an infant in a musical video
a men wear a earphone and a child smiling
a boy is smiling and a man with beard is speaking
a woman in pink and red is talking while in the bathroom.
a woman wearing a pink gown speaks into a camera in a bathroom.
the woman is standing in the camera and waving.
an asian woman discusses skin care routines in a white bathroom.
a woman waves her hands while she greets the audience.
a japanese lady in a silk long sleeved blouse say's an intro in japenes and hello to everyone in english and starts her daily skin routine.
a young woman is going to introduce her daily skincare and makeup routine.
a chines woman is talking about her daily skin care.
an asian woman in a pink outfit discusses something in a bathroom
this is a nice asian person introducing themselves and showing how to do hair
cartoon clip showing door opening and small girl happy
piggy cartoon showing up sitting on elevator floor
an elevator bursts open, showing a small pig character sitting within it.
there is smoke that comes out of an elevator and then there is a creature sitting on the floor.
a woman pig, dressed in a brown overcoat sitting in an elevator that opens at the end.
someone knocks the door violently when it opens a small girl is seen.
an elevator opens and a pig dressed in a trench coat is talking.
an elevator with yellow door is been banged and opened and there is a person inside it and a dustbin nearby the elevator is laying down on the floor.
the video shows a cartoon of a nut, very creative
sentence 1: in a cartoon channel, a small baby opens the door and relax
a south asian man is taking
a guy with black suit and tie on is talking in an interview.
an elegantly dressed japanese is doing a job interview
a gent wearing suit is speaking
there is a guy who is nodding in acceptance to how he fits in the culture
a man in white and black dress answers confidentally in an interview that he will work hard as it is his first job
a korean man wearing a casual suit is asking for getting a job and he is saying that if he will get the job he will work hard
a person answers a question in a job interview.
the person with black suit and tie is talking something.
man expling about her hard work and confidence to beccom rich
two people taking picture and a song in the background.
an ad for theskinny world news now is playing.
musical commercial with blue background and two people performing
two cameramen taking the picture of a film and screen is showing in the movie
an animated clipping of an intro of a news channel.
two people are taking photographs in the introduction clip
a man and women bend down and stand straight to take photos of each other.
the skinny world news now opening intro displaying two shadows of people im a blue background
two photographers are taking photos with each other as background effect.
photographers taking pictures of a company logo at the start of a show.
the america greatest race is very awesome and  thrilling
in america's greatest horse race many men are participating and riding the horses in full swing
jockeys with brightly colored uniforms are riding on horses and competing in a race.
a horse race with brightly colored dress riders where the purple one goes first
horse riding jockeys riding their horses in the race track rigorously going for the achievement.
in the american greatest horse race blue color jockey comes in front.
a horse race, the horse led by a man in white and lilac clothes won.
horse racing being played with background soundtrack
the is a horse racing the jockey  wearing purple suit is leading.
people wearing colorful dresses are riding on horses.
1. in a black and white video, all are waiting in vegetable market
an old footage showing many people in the street
a storyteller with an old footage from iraq
a crowd of people in black and white are scrolling by.
a lot of the crowd is working differently and some are moving
all the people are roaming and standing on the road
in roadside most of the people moving and stand and sitting on the road
a very old black and white video about something very important
the film shows in black and white  hundreds of people that may be arab or another foreign country.
a market is fully crowded with people.
a lady with black top is sitting in front of mic with headphone on.
a girl in black is waving her hand  to somebody.
interviewing a live woman.
a person speaking and a woman listening with headphones and a microphone
black dress woman ready to singing with happiest movement
the girl is saying hai to the people  near the statue
a girl in a navy blue shirts saying high after being presented.
a woman in a blue shirt waves in front of a white background and a bust to the left of her.
a girl inside a room with a stauta behind her and a mircophone and headphones greeting
a girl in black top is waving at somebody
a man gets a haircut in the kitchen on someones home.
a barber is grooming another persons hair using a trimmer.
a barber is cutting hair of boy and also explaining the procedure.
someone is shaving a boys hair with cutting shears.
a male barber is cutting another man's hair.
a man shows a demo of hairstyle.
in a hair salon a guy is trimming his hair by a man.
a hairdresser is cutting from a man's hair trimmer machine
a man showing how to cut hair with starting with the edges.
a voice is describing how to do a haircut on a young man with a razor.
a video talking about school subjects
a beautiful introduction to a children school subject.
blue screen doing the presentation of school subjects.
interactive presentation on the subjects of the school in english
announcement about something related to the school of a brand called school subjects.
this is an advertisement about school subjects and all subjects are in a radius
different circles with pictures of what subject they represent are around a school the word school subjects then appears.
lots a funny sounds and design for an ad about school subjects.
a advertisement about school subjects show a school building .
animated vignette of a school subject with several attractions for children
a girl is standing and talking and a fish
a young woman wearing a simple gray dress accompanied by a puppet mechanical mouse discusses the banana slug.  a picture of a banana slug is displayed briefly.
a woman in a blue outfit with reddish hair is talking about banana slugs.
woman in green dress talks to a puppet beside her
a women is happily explaining something of cooking
a teacher is talking about bugs to her classroom.
woman talking about quality of bananas
a white woman is talking about an organism which live on land and look like a banana
a pretty girl is telling about a slug which looks like a banana in shape and since they live on land but are surrounded by water same like sea slugs.
a woman in a dress is talking about banana slugs.
a male narrating a lecture on a physics subject.
the title of some research is shown and being explained.
footage of an academic presentation on a projector
a poster taped to the wall
the chaotic pendulum: simulation and reality forum is about to start.
department of physics was conducting simulation and reality about the chaotic pendulum, by evan salm and bruce thompson
there are two people talking with some thing on the screen.
a writing on some product package
a sheet of paper with the chaotic pendulum displays while several voices talk in the background.
a paper that has it written the chaotic pendulum: simulation and reality as it's title
in a news channel , it shows a terrorist killed some famous person in israel
shooting news in israel
there is a big mob and a terrorist holding a gun
a few men in the street covering their faces holding guns. large groups of people in the road marching and protesting holding up flags.
a man is holding up a gun while a news report is being delivered.
cbsn channel is giving information about  isreal
israeli military strike kills palestinian leader and sparks protests.
protesters and armed men are inhabiting the streets of gaza. a top palestinian military person is killed in gaza.
a person with gun is instructing the other person in the crowd
a news program speaking about protests in name of a man and his wife that were killed by israel in their house
the man comming inside.
a man is examining a room like he searches for something.
man entering a room and closing a door.
a white man enters the room and is very confused and he is looking here and there
a man in a suit walking through a door.
a man in a suit enters inside a house, he looks confused.
a handsome man in suit enters a room and watches.
the man wearing a suit and brown tie, apprehensively walks through the door.  the man with brown hair walks through the door of a living room.
man in suit walks into an apartment, then closes the door.
a man walks into a room and then closes the door.
a dark stormy night as the announcer says it was devastion and a heartbreaking loss followed by haiyan.
there are fast moving clouds in a dark sky and a clap of thunder is heard.
there are some really dark clouds and then a clash reveals the word haiyan.
the introduction and opening statement to haiyan
this is a video of a dark night sky that looks very stormy and face paced.
a dark sky with fast moving clouds is shown as the word haiyan appears
the person is filming the sky in an advertisement.
there are clouds in the sky that say haiyan
clouds are floating through a darkening sky quickly.
a dark sky with clouds rolling in as the word haiyan appears.
a baseball game where players run out on a green lawn.
recording the transmission of one american football match
fragment of the game of american football with commenting
two teams competing with each other in a rugby match and commentator doing commentary.
footvall playoffs between two teams where a player carries the ball trying to tackle.
a football match being shown on a tv while a man narrates the match.
there was lots of cheering during this football game.
two teams are playing a football match on the ground.
intense game of two teams of the american football.
soccer game is about to start right side team in white jersey left side in blue jersey, a player of left side team running forward and match started
yummy baked food stuff in spring form garnished with salt and chopped leaves
vegetable has been sliced like a roll and pinned, baked in oven, topped with salt and pepper which turns to a delightful recipe
a spring potato chips are very tasty.
showing a kind of plate of food.
delicious baked potatoes with green seasoning on top.
a dish is being is baked in the microwave for some time and then gets served on a plate.
reproduction of the preparation of a dish, which apparently is a potato
some one is preparing and garnishing the food
we can see a delicious preparation in the kitchen of some bakes
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
the fifth harmony band releases a song here
number of ladies sitting on chairs in line
a song with lyrics and the pictures of performers named dinah, camila, lauren, normani and ally
five beautiful ladies posing for a poster.
this video shows one of the most talked about musical groups in recent times with girls who sing very well
the singer is singing a song.
there is a group of five women with names above their heads.
the lyrics  in the picture goes along with music.
five modelling girls are seated in a chair with different positions.
there are five models in the video posing for a picture while a song is being played in the background
a person is letting the seat up and down
the seat of the car is being folded and put back by someone.
a guy is moving car seat back and front and later sitting inside the car.
a boy inside the  car  full video coverage in car
a man searching something in car seat backside and get on to the car.
inside shot of a car when someone pulls up the front seat to expose the backseat
a man observes the cockpit of a car, then he sits into the car.
a person show the interior of a red car with leather seats.
a man pulls up a red cars's seat and it only has 2 seats.
a person is looking for something inside his car
a forest full of palm trees, with a white bird passing over the trees. the sea is just ahead.
a video showing coordinates of a jungle
there is a full of green grassland area with trees displaying some numbers
someone is watching a video of a lot of trees.
there is a white bird that flew over a jungle of palm trees.
a beautiful fade seen of a jungle with light blue sky and a white bird flying with some text appearing in the foreground.
there are many coconut trees been shown near the sea and the latitude and longitude of the place appears.
the video flies showing over a forest of coconut palms and a piece of sea, on a clear day.
a huge field of  green tropical trees by the calm blue sea with suspenseful music playing .
one has a flying-like view of the top of a forest of palm trees, and as a white bird flies by one can see the probable longiture and latitude of the location depicted
two chiks searching and waking in the grass
some guy is explaining  about the chickens and playing with them
two chicks were eating from grass, a boy and a men were talking about taking them home.
the two small birds are grazing in the grassland for food.
two little ducklings are playing on the green grass and then they take them back home.
two birds walk in grass while two male humans speak in the background.
two baby chickens in a green field of grass
two chicks are eating on the greenish ground
little chickens are strolling around on green fields, eating seeds.
this children is very enjoyed to play the hen
a pink birthday cake with colorful letters on top being shown while a happy birthday song is played.
its a wonderful day, its your birthday yay!
there is a happy birthday to you song with a colourful stickers..
this is an animation of someone singing happy birthday
an animated birthday cake moves as the happy birthday song plays
an animated happy birthday message and song with the message written on a cake.
animated birthday cake with pink frosting, strawberries and a message happy birthday and to you written as glitter show in the screen
happy birthday video with birthday cake and a song
happy birthday wishes with a cake and party cap.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a men ready to make a food item in the plate
a man shows a bowl of snails with their shells removed.
a man is cooking snails by himself
some one holding a vessel with ingredients for cooking
the snails with shells removed are kept in the vessel.
the boy cooked in kitchen room
some one is explaingi about the things in a bowl
a man holding a bucket on snails without their shells.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
the boy cooked the lunch
woman showing shoe with huge heel.
the female with white dress is reviewing a red high heel slipper.
a woman wearing white tshirt is exlaining about sandals
its a high heal chepal shown by a girl
a blonde, white woman with makeup is talking with a high heel in her hands
a young woman with long blond hairs is showing a red stiletto.
a lady with blond hair and white top is holding a high heel shoe.
a lady explains about a completly pended high heals shoe.
there is a lady to speaking about chappal heals
a white dressing women explaine about a sandals
a animated toy is dancing on a song
a bear moves in a gloomy setting while electronic music plays in the background.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
loud intense music over a computer rendering of some sort of monster.
someone is looking at a music video my nane is....
a musical video with a song playing in the background and an animated character doing some act.
one dogie doll is moving and their mouth and teeth are looks fearing to others
mechanical head of teddy bear is used in music video
lively music plays while a monstrous teddy bear appears
a animated bear in brown color sings a song and acts to it.
a doll speaks to a girl and girl joins with her family and the family coming out from that place to visit another place.
a small trailer of a program broadcast in cartoon network channel.
robot boy with animal in backpack heading to a boomtown.
a boy thinking of something and walked to see a man standing in track.
a family is on vacation learning about the gold rush from a prospector.
a group of cartoon people being led around by a guide.
a cartoon child is listening to a toy in her backpack, and appears fearful after listening to the toys input. outside, the child approaches a large farmer dressed figure with a group of other classmates.
a cartoon girl with blonde hair with a talking toy in her backpack walks along, then a bunch of people come out of a mine as another figure waves at them.
a small robot hides inside the backpack of a young kid.
one cartoon character is walking slowly and another one in his bag is telling something
a girl and boy are dancing on the beach
two people dance on a sidewalk by the beach.
someone is watching a video of a boy and girl singing.
a boy and a girl tap dancing to music in front of the ocean.
a scene from the teen beach movie, with a blond boy and a brunette girl dancing on the beach
two people a man and a woman dancing on a stage in front of a beach.
a young male and female are on a twister mat on a beach doing dance moves.
kids are doing a dance on the beach together.
a girl and boy are dancing on a beach in a very enthusiastic way and at the end girl is tired of doing dance
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a lady is performing a song in a stage
a girl with white dress is singing on a stage in a reality show.
a young girl dressed in white is singing in front of six judges in big red chairs.
young female singer performing before judges in a competition
a girl with white frog and she is sing the song in mike with stadium
a girl is singing on stage with others watching
an asian singer in white clothes singing to the audience in a light colored setting
a young girl is singing in english on a big tv studio stage with colorful lights.
a young women singing in front of judges on a reality show.
some girl is singing and dancing  infront of the audience and the judges
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
in a comedy club stage a participant is giving jokes  to the audience with a mike.
a man in black jacket speaking comedy in a show.
there is an indian guy doing standup comidy
a man in dark brown jacket and white tshirt inside holding a mic and some brick-like structure on wall in the background with a mic stand on the left.
a man doing stand up comedy in a comedy show
a comedian is talking . a chat show is going on .
a comedian is talking about jokes of drug dealing.
an indian man with a short beard does a comedy routine on stage.
a man in a white shirt and jacket does a stand up comedy show.
a man on stage is giving a concert and singing.
a man in all black is performing on the stage with a microphone.
a man is playing a music and holding mike in this hands
a person stage performance had song
a bald man doing beat box on a stage in front of an audience
a man in black clothes is singing and dancing with a microphone on a stage.
on stage a bald man holding a microphone is jumping to the music.
a bald man is doing a show the audience looks very excited
a dj in all black clothes performing live on stage.
a bald man in black shirt is giving his performance in a concert
some boys are dancing on the street
a group of men in white clothes are dancing on the sidewalk.
young men are dancing to music in a deliberately rhythmic fashion amidst cars.
some boys dancing road different style and looking good.
some men wearing white dress dancing on the street
they are all dressed in white and dancing on the street
a group of white dressed mens dancing in the street
the group of persons with white dress is singing and dancing.
a young man is dancing in the front of the road and another boy also joined with him
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a painter painting a canvas and showing strokes of brushes.
the artist paints the landscape of his canvas with blue paint.
a woman wearing a black t-shirt painting blue colour on the canvas
woman painting a canvas blue with a brush and some paint.
a girl printing a house sketch
beautiful art work so relaxing go ahead and grab a brush and join in some fun.
a woman is coloring the draw with a paintbrush and blue paint.
a time lapse video of a person painting a scenery.
someone paints blue over a outline of a house.
someone is  coloring the drawing with the blue color.
man standing while other people move in all directions.
a man is at work sitting alone while his coworkers walk around him.
a man is sitting and some girls are walking near him and he gets up after some time.
a male singer singing with other crew around.
the video focuses on a man who is sitting with intense looks who later gets up and tries to leave.
there's a man who is singing in a really high pitched voice.
a man in a white shirt and blue vest is in the center of the place as several people pass by.
a young man is in a public place and it seems like he might be playing a guitar and somebody is singing a note.
an afro-descendant man is sitting in an white environment with several people roaming around. he gets up and walks.
a man is sitting and some persons are moving in front and behind of him
this is a documentary on how to make a swoard from paper.
a person picks up a paper sword that has a blue hilt.
two hands hold a sword made out of paper.
turn on the table
a person is showing this short sword they made out of colored paper.
a person holds a teal and white paper sword above a wooden table as music plays.
someone showing a paper sword that they had made.
the person is picking up the large blue and white sword.
someone is demonstrating how to create a paper sword.
a video shows how to make a toy sword out of regular materials.
reports always attentive to everyday events to bring information
three asian men leave a residence with a face mask and are filmed and photographed by people
two men with face mask are exiting the building with red tape and camera men around it.
three people are seen coming out of a sealed premises wearing masks while a group of reporters wait outside to record them.
three people walk in with mask as others watch them
three asian men with masks come out of a sealed building, journalists are waiting for you out
three men came out of house with mask in their face, reporters are in front.
some people wearing black dress crosses a sealed road and people are making their videos
there three guys in mask walking from some kind of seen.
some forensic expert visiting a crime scene with photographers around.
a tour bus is entering into a canal !
a tour bus drives into a body of water as the narrator states get ready to be amazed.
blue bus and bank is bogging down in a flood
a blue and white bus slowly drives into a body of water.
a white and blue bus in a flooded place going ahead passing by a boat
right in you can now you're ready to be
a long bus coloured sky blue at the top and white in the bottom is slowly being tucked at the shore in the water stream of venice
a tour bus is slowly immersed in water as it is taking an unexpected turn into the river.
a blue bus running on the water area
a car has caused accident and hit a building
a man disassembles an electronic product while commenting on it.
a man takes apart a box that looks like a printer refill cartridge
an explanation of a small box that contains some utensils inside.
a person is opening up a small black box.
white hands are taking apart a printer ink cartridge on a splotchy table.
someone is opening the cartage of the printer.
this was an advertisement for reusable ink cartridges.
this is the one of the wallet product.
black color printer parts opened a person and explained about the sales.
a person opens a small catridge like product and shows whats inside.
a deep see diver shoots coral reefs along with so many colorful fishes.
a lot of fish is seen in underground water with variety of colors and size.
a man is narrating the scene of an underwater coral reef with fish swimming
underwater deep blue sea with many fish swimming there near the corals.
images of a reef with different types of fish and coral
all small and medium size fish swimming under the sea.
at the bottom of the sea, goldfish swim in colonies on the rocks.
little fish swim around corals at the bottom of the ocean.
underwater community with a lot of beatiful and colorful fishes and corals.
the underwater community displaying difeerent kinds of very colorful fish.
a brown color corner of a roof corner where we are attaching the same to the building as it shakes
the corner of a table is shown while a man comments on it.
it is new construction and someone is talking
a object is seen which is like a table with the top brown in color and the legs yellow and someone says something about it.
a man speaks while showing the corner of a roof to the camera
man filming with detail a piece of a wooden roof covered with a brown fabric
a roof painted in brown color which has grills beneath it and the pillar that holds the roof is in yellow color.
a man talks and films a place with a low ceiling but it is not possible to identify what it is.
someone is fixing something on the video
a man demonstrating how to make a set up.
report on a family playing with a tiger in an open and lawn area
the picture with a small girl and sitting on a tiger drinking milk is displayed.
a photo of a tiger is being explained
real tiger close to take photo and milk taking tiger.
a kid is wearing purple shirt and sitting on the tiger
a little girl with purple cloth on is riding on a tiger holding by her father on the side.
a picture of a young lady feeding a big tiger while one parent holding their baby sitting on that tiger.
number of people are having a fun time and making a kid sit on the tiger
a little baby was placed on tigers back surrounded by men.
a woman feeding a tiger with a milk, while a baby sits on its back.
a professional bicycle rider filming tutorial during bicycling
in the road , someone is riding the cycle carefully .a boy is riding the cycle for race ,the road which the boy riding is very greenish . the boy is riding in the hill
the helmet wearing guy riding a bicycle talking about  the about the situation he is currently in
a man is cycling in a long road with no one around
cyclist walking down a little busy street on a sunny day
a cyclist filmed during a race on the streets
he's talking about riding a bicycle.
a person with helmet is riding on a road
a man wearing a tight suit and a helmet is riding a bike down the street and talking.
a person ride fastly the cycle with wear the helmet
two people in black dress trying to explain something with each other
two men are having heated argument as a lady in orange dress enters the room accompanied by her friend in black dress
two people are talking at the same time two girls are enter in the room.
an argument between two men.
two men are arguing in a hospital room, while passers-by are investigating the commotion.
the man was very tension, and he will speaking, and they are all watching.
two men in nurses' clothes arguing and curious people approaching
two men are quarreling and few girls are watching them.
two men are arguing in a room while several others walk in.
there is a conversation of 2 man and in the back there were 2 women standing
a woman singing and driving the car through the city.
a woman is singing in the moving car
a girl with white dress is singing while riding in a car.
blond woman sings a song in a car in the sunny weather.
a woman sings in the car
a white dressing women singing a song in the car
woman singing in the car and feel the fans
meghan trainor singing like i'm gonna loose you in a car.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the lady can singing a song while driving
a musical picture of a guy dancing on a rooftop in a city
a man is standing on one leg and some text is shown
there is a women standing on one leg in black coat with cap and some trees or building backside of her.
a man is standing on one leg and the other leg is holded up.
a person with white shirt standing on the publik place with pose.and also the bacground music so comedy.
photo of a girl in jeans and a cap on the background of high-rise buildings
a person is standing on one foot in a still shot while music plays.
an advert of a girl pretending that she is sitting on the air
a still image of a man posing on a bridge in an awkward body position, right leg crossed over the left knee. the background music is spanish flea from herb alpert.
a photo where the woman is posing with social media
the beauty of children's artistic gymnastics
one cute girl in blue dress doing gymnastics and it is watched by some girls surrounding by her
a young gymnast uses the bar to perform a stunt.
a child who practices olympic gymnastics does his exercises on the parallel bar
a small girl doing gymnastics and a man is watching her.
a child is practicing her gymnastics on a bar.
a young girl is swinging on the bars at a gym with others around her.
there is a gymnastic training shoot in this video.
a child gymnast doing the movements on the parallel bar
a little gymnast performs her exercise with great precision
this is a circus show
the magicine is wondering and telling about the gymnastics done
a magician made the great magic in front of the viewers, all are encourage
white old man wearing pink tuxedo and black pants holding the hand of a white woman with dark hair wearing a blue dress behind them a sign with the name of a circus they greet the audience so the man takes a top hat and a microphone calls someone else and starts clap
a men and women introduce the audience
an old man is dancing with a young girl
in the magician making magic aduiance to happy
a man in red clothes and a hat next to a woman thanks the audience of a circus
there is a nice picture and film of a man with a tall hat on
the two person enter in front of audience with claps
various highlights of a bantamweight wrestling match, are shown.
two high school wrestlers duel on the mat in a cif match.
a wrestler with yellow outfit is wrestling with other one with blue outfit on the stage.
a man is holding other man for defeating in a wrestling match.
two wrestlers face each other competitively on a yellow mat.
they both compete in a wrestling match and see who wins
two players are playing sihanouk in the stadium
two men are defending each other in the wrestling
two men trying to gain and maintain a superior position in a wrestling match.
two wrestlers are competing in the arena crowded with spectators.
program host dr. phil talking about the person he is going to interview
bald and mustache journalist man commenting on television.
a person explaining life style in a channel
a man is giving a news
one person in black and white colour dress is telling about something
the bald man wearing a suit and tie talked to the camera.
an old bald man in black clothes talking and doing something by hand
a bold guy with suits and tie on is sitting down and talking about something.
dr. phil is talking about a person who was scamming another person.
a man in a black jacket and tie sitting at a desk.
two men are taste testing different candies for a video.
a man wearing t shirt is eating another man
two men trying different foods from pre-packaged goods.
a person taste the food to another person and explain about the chocolate
a guy feeding another guy and holding a packet in his hand.
two young friends sharing some eatables in their house
a man looking in the brochure and sitting on the chair
seems like a couple of guys taste testing different products.  not sure why one is feeding the other though.
two guys try different snacks, one of them in a t-shirt and glasses in front of the camera
one man is putting some dry power on others tong and the explaining what is there in the other packet.
white and smiling tooth telling you what is good for your dental health.
an explanation video gives key facts about teeth.
a voice over explaining the scientific facts about tooth
information on our teeth and about the components which make up our teeth.
the constituents of teeth shown  in an animation.
animated teeth flexes its muscles to show its strength with description of teeth in background voice.
an animated tooth flexes itâ€™s muscles  and smiles
an animation video in which a teeth tells that it is one of the strongest parts of our body.
cartoon tooth flexing its muscles is composed of calcium and collagen.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a woman sitting in a room in front of a notebook. she is singing.
a woman of color is shown sitting in front of her laptop singing along to a song that is playing.
an african woman with golden locks is sitting with her tablet in front of her and singing a song
african american woman singing in a white kitchen in front of a laptop
black woman with colored hair sings with background music in residential environment.
a woman with brown hair is singing a song in a house.
a girl is singing in his living room, she is listening the song on his computer
a lady with golden hair is singing a song in front of laptop.
woman sitting in front of a table sings with her eyes closed.
a lady with black and yellow striped sweaters is singing in her head voice.
a man playing minecraft inside an empty building
a man playing minecraft with his friends while laughing.
very well made and high quality video and also a lot of fun
in this video we can see a boy playing minecraft
minecraft online game with multiple simultaneous players communicating
part of the game how move to forward giving intraction.
human has xommenting the game how has it work
video showing a gamer playing mine craft game
a guy laughing with others while playing minecraft
there is a guy streaming playing minecraft with friends.
advertising ad for a budget priced white printer.
the product of printer in white color hp deskjet
a man describe about new laser jet printer and its version with usage.
there is a hp deskjet printer sitting in front of a black and white background.
a white printer in the center of the imagem and the tipy of printer showing right on top of it
a white and blue printer and a male voice narrating in the background above the printer
this is a product of hp deskjet 2655 printer is different fromo other printer.
an attractive advertising about the hp deskjet 2655 printer
a sleek, white printer with the words 'hp deskjet 2655' wriiten across while a man talks about the printer. they then show the printer print a picture
a male voice is explaining about hp budget printer
a duracell battery punched by a small iron rod, it burnt in 57 degree celsius
small pile with nail driven through measuring the temperature.
someone is putting a long iron nail in a double a battery on a rock.
a battery with a nail is found stuck in the ashes of a wood
explining how to not use the batteries in a wawrm climate
a battery is punctured by a nail. the battery is planted into a black material.
a nail has been put into a duracel battery and its under a fire flame.
a pen battery kept standing with nail inserted init.
there are a nice stack of batteries that are hit with nails
duracell battery pierced by a large nail on the ashes
a video showing a recipe of cake and how to decorate it.
ksenia is making a pouring cake with her own food colors
a beautiful design is made with the toppings of yellow and blue colors over the frosting of the cake by someone using a knife.
a cake maker is decorating a cake with colors.
designs on top of the cake
a cake is seen and then some food colors are poured over the cake and different patterns emerge after the colors are spread over the cake.
some kind of icing other than birthday cake.
a mirroring is being applied to a cake and it has several colours
music is playing in background while showing how to create a pouring cake
preparation of a gloss for glossy cake of white, black and yellow color
a man sitting in the driver seat of a car purchases food items from a vending machine.
a man sits in a car at a drive through picking out his purchases as a shelving unit with merchandise on it spins down.
an animated man is sitting in his car while pulling grocery items off a moving shelf.
you see an automated carosel and a man picking product off from iy.
a computer generated video of people using a drive through vending machine.
1. a person with blue shirt in a car, he purchase some grocery items .
a man in a black car and purple social shirt in a drive-thru of a grocery store picking food from automatic rotating shelves.
a male driver selecting groceries at a drive-thru window
a men, from inside a car, grab diary and bread from a vending machine.
a man in a car chooses the kind of bread he wants.
country man and his house, giving tips
there is a guy who is on the screen and talks about his day
a man talking to a camera and a girl running away
a man sitting and saying something and a lady is running behind him
person is talking about something and two girls are running behind him
a man with gray hair wearing a blue shirt sits by a window talking while a woman runs the other way.
seated man making comment.
a man in black shirt is just trying to explain something
a person talk something in front of camera
a white man is talking and a white woman is running after the man
the slides are show and the person is talking about it
a video scrolling through a persons resume showing the tips of how to make one.
a profile and pdf been played in the system with scroling.
a woman shows her curriculum that has a gray background, the writing in black and also her picture
this is ten ultimate resume hacks to generate interviews.
presenting a woman's resume.
some tips to make a good resume on the screen
a women explaining about the 10 resumes that she selected for the interview.
resume module has been explined digitaly in compurtwr websites
a pdf document is previewed and a woman is talking about it
a group dances and sings in a sand enviroment
a kpop group is singing and dancing to a song.
group of boys dancing between a giant hand
a group of seven boys in white clothing is performing a song between giant hands.
the song is used to complain about control.
the dancers wearing white costume performing on the platform with huge models of palms.
a boy in white dress is dancing and their group is also dancing
the seven members of the band bts dancing with giant hands around
some boys are dancing nicely and gracefully on the song
a team person with white tshirt and he playing the dance in outside
a screen shows a bunch of separate people talking to each other.
six people are talking to each other over web cameras
six people having a video meeting discussing the design of something
a group of people is having a group forum with each other.
they are six people video chatting with each other.
a six split screen of people in their twenties who are video conferencing.
six co-workers are sharing a video conference call discussing their pleasure over a creative design they had worked on.
six people are on a group video chat discussing the design of something.
there is a split screen with 6 people talking about designs on a video call
a group of people are talking online about something that they designed.
a lake with glaciers beside it with some penguins around
a group of penguins happily enjoying in the snow river.
several penguins stand along the waters edge, and one tries to leap ashore.
penguins are standing around on ice while one tries and fails to jump up out of the water.
penguins sits on ice bergs and walk around on it.
some penguins are standing on the icy shore and some are having bath in the cold water.
a large group of penguins being filmed in a large ice environment
number of penguins seems to be enjoying their time in ice water
penguins walk on an ice floe and swim in the water on a sunny day.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
we will show you how to saflty clean you gun today.
a man speaks about a gun and shows the gun on camera.
a pistol on a flats surface is being described by an unseen man. he is talking about the barrel which is focused on.
a man showing a weapon and stating how it is almost dry.
guns laying on something .
a man zooms in and out at a handgun on a table that is lined with many handguns and explains that it should be dry by now after sitting for a few days.
a set of black handguns are shown as a man narrates their qualities
a gun is sitting on a desk while someone describes the gun.
a person is talking about a pistol which he has filled its barrel with something.
there are some guns on the table and there is a man who is talking about them drying off.
a channel is asking for a thumbs up and subscribe following the end of a video.
vignette of a channel on youtube shows the title and chapter of the video the producerÂ´s brand and then a little gray hand with a cool one and an inverted one with a white background with the number 1 in red and the word like below and then the channel logo with a drawn eagle and a red button saying subscribe.
a youtube channel called eagle productions asks audience to like and subscribe to their channel.
introduction of youtube channel
a intor for a youtube channel called eagle productions with tiny tim's song tip toe though the tullips in the background
video asked to like and subscribe to a youtube channel
graphic design content of an eagle head in black and white
an advertisement to promote a youtube channel with a very strange song.
an eagle logo on a white background with thumbs up and thumbs down.
uh said between the can
the man is standing by himself talking to someone.
a black guy is looking at someone offscreen that is talking to him.
a woman is talking to a men
a black man wearing a pink striped shirt looks at a woman wearing a white hat.
a young woman tells an older man she can fix him because he taught her everything she knows.
there is an older black gentleman talking in front of the camera and making a statement
two people are having a conversation as one looks intently.
a woman is talking to a black man with a goatee.
a woman is offering to help a man who taught her in the past.
a woman claims she can fix the man in front of her.
two men in black suits are having a conversation with a blonde woman in a black dress in a crowded bar.
trailer from a beautiful woman and a man in a cafe
meg ryan is acting in a movie from the 90s.
small stretch from a film where a woman comes with 2 men appearing in a suit
a women speaking with a men in an occasion
thoughtful woman who seems to doubt the situation answers a man.
a blond lady and a man look very inconfortable and look at each other when the lady asks a man out of the picture why would you ask that
a blonde haired woman and a dark haired man have a conversation in a bar.
two men in suits and a woman chat in a bar
a man and a woman in a crowd have a discussion with a third man.
these people are shouting with excitement, it seems to be an end of a stage performance.
some girl is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
group without presenting in a little lighting environment for a small plateau
three women and two men on a theater stage with the lights going out
it is a dramatic show.
a young couple seem to be watching a theatre production.
girls sing the song and playing the dance in the stadium
in a black background a theatre group screams together and arrange the background.
the group dancer perform the dance in front of people
a team of five artists are performing an art in front  of an audience.
two ladies are talking to each other.
a lady with white hair talking to another lady
two women with blonde hairs are standing inside a room and having talk.
two blond females talk about a scary male they have encountered.
two girls are speaking in the sofa
two blonde women sit on a green couch and one talks to the other.
a video of two ladies where one is talking to the other
a woman is speaking with another woman
a female is talking to another female on the couch.
two blonde women sit on a sofa and talk.
a neoclassical construction appears, soon after a young blonde and finally the interior of a building.
a young woman is posing with the architecture in the background.
a large fancy building is in view, then there is a girl in blue clothing looking at the camera.
a prominent building and a model doing modelling.
the visuals of tourist place and a girl with blue dress.
a women showing her dressing
a girl is taking pictures inside a museum.
a huge building and a girl doing modelling there
a woman with two different dresses is there and there is a huge mansion
a large building facade, there is a woman with long golden hair inside.
on a boat, people are startled by the appearance of a whale in the sea.
crew of a boat in laughter after seeing a whale at sea
a ship on sea. a wale crossing in a sea. all are watching that
tourists sightseeing a giant whale in their boat somewhere in the sea and getting excited.
couple of people in boat enjoying and watching dolphin
a boat full of people watching a whale in the water.
people on a boat are looking at a whale in the water
people on a boat watch ecstatic as a whale passes by them.
people whale watching the marine life on the sea
people on a ship laugh in amazement as they watch a whale surface from the ocean water.
a vlogger demonstrates a miniature cannon they built by firing it at a vertical wooden plank, ripping holes through it in an impressive display.
a small gatling gun shoots holes in a board and then the parts are shown.
this is a small cannon that is demonstrating what damage can happen when fired at close range.
a small cannon shoots against a wooden plank in a garden
a mini canon shooting a wooden plank and making a hole.
a power test with a small firearm on a wooden board.madeira
a small cannon shoots a piece of wood, the results are shown and then the dismantled barrel is shown
miniature semi-auto cannon is fired upon a wooden plank.
strength test of a piece of wood using a fireworks device
cannonball fired at a wooden structure to meet resistance.
a conference with a cross-section of participants both male and female all listening to the speaker.
a crowd seated in an auditorium listening to a lecture.
an audience with deversed people sitting in silence
audinces are listening and watching a stage show
a crowd of people sitting in a dark room listening to someone offscreen talk.
an audience listens to a speech.
auditorium full of people attentive to a presentation.
many audience waiting patiently for the host to come out
an audience listening to a lady talk about politicians.
there is an audience with dozens of people watching something, while a voice narrates.
the reporter in blue dress speaks in mic.
an attractive woman is giving a news reports while cars drive past in the background.
a woman is making an interview  about an accident.
news report by young woman in a blue dress about an accident
news reporter gives information about the accident
the lady work from the news channel.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a reporter woman on the side of a highway shows works being carried out on the track.
news leader said breaking news tollway  worked killed.
a woman wearing blue dress is speaking in moth
the words btv barcroft tv is shown and then a lion walking on the shore of a river. a man starts talking about the lion.
a tiger is slowly walking around in the jungle
tiger is walking through the lake water side to get her food
a pride of lion relaxing close to the river bank.
the lion is walking on the river side and a person is talking about it.
a pair of lions is lying in the afternoon sun.
there is a logo of a nice tv and then a lion
there is a lion that is walking into the grassy area.
story of king of forest, in the forest in a television show.
in a  barcroft tv show a lion and a lioness are searching something on the shore of a river in the forest.
a girls is fixing a bubble wrap and put colour on it
a little girl with butterfly top is making a craft with stamping some yellow paint on the paper.
the children is some drawing and colour  for cloth
she pate the bubble wrap on that red green plate and then she colouring the yellow colour
a little girl is creating a hand craft by his own processing method
a little girl playing with bubble wrap in butterfly shirt.
the child is drawing on a sheet of paper.
a child is making art by applying bubble wrap to perform a particular technique.
a small is pasting a paper and painting an art work.
a girl is painting on the card board
a youtube video channel name tech play is playing.
the text youtube cannel tech play
you tube logo and a tech aply welcome you is on the gray back ground and fading out.
intro of the youtube tech aply with grey background and some music.
the welcome logo of an youtube channel with music is displayed.
this is advertisement for  the youtube  channel
the youtube logo appears on the screen, followed by the words 'tech aply welcomes you'.
the intro of a you tube channel has played
it is advertisement on youtube application.
display of you tube page of tech aply welcoming the viewers.
airport crowd in people in the shopping mall.
news channel showing some protest at shopping mall
news channel shows chaos in an airport mall caused by protests
a person is speaking about news and many peoples are standing in the room
report protest at the mall.
several people inside a building with arms raised in protests
the cnn news are talking about people block the way to the airport.
the crowd is standing in the footage of a news and a person is talking about it.
some people are walking out in a building
many people are  purchase to the shopping mall
young people climb a railing and a policeman calls their attention, and soon after the policeman exchanges offenses with young people.
men jump over bars and scold guard at group of boys
kids climb a fence then talk to a policeman from the other side.
people talking to a police officer behind a fence
a young group of people climb over a fence before an official remonstrates with youths sat down and they exchange in a verbal conflict.
boys climb a chain link fence and a black security guard tells them and others kids to leave.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a group of boys climb a fence and sit down on some stairs as they talk to a policeman.
a police officer talks to a group of boys that are sitting on the steps to a building.
the children are communicating with the police officer.
there is a woman in the dark and she is very afraid of thunder
flashing lights in a dark room, the woman is frightened
a woman in white turns around in shock at a sound from behind.
it is a hindi movie scene.
video with a woman in the dark and temporal effect
woman in jail cell looking around startled while lights flash on and off.
a girl is scary in darkness.
a woman slowly walking in a dark room
a woman seems frigthened while the light in the rooms flashes with a crappy sound
women sudden move and turn right and slowly wake up on the dark room
man wearing smocking in a large outdoor area passes a gun to another man
the man in the music video is walking along the top of the tower.
man with green hair is smoking a cigarette while he gives something to another man who also has green hair.
a man in a vest smoking a cigarette
boys wearing uniform are smoking cigarettes in a remote place.
one guy handed another guy a cigar and walked away from him.
a young man smoking gives an object not another man's hand.
four persons acting a drama on the top of a building. one of them with a cigarette in his mouth gives a gun to another person.
person is walking and give a telescope to another person and the third person is standing with them
an asian man wearing a white shirt and green vest and tie is smoking a cigarette and hands something to someone dressed just like him, then walks away.
a man is demonstrating the function of a high-end cpu.
a man with glasses who is explaining how to assemble a computer.
a guy with black top and glasses is talking through some computer components.
the person with black t-shirt is talking about storing in the usb drive.
a man in black tshirt with black spectables and a cpu cabinet open with a display monitor in the background.
a guy seems to be explaining something seriously
a man who interested in mechanism try describes about the speaker parts
a guy with glasses is sitting at a computer desk talking about computer storage and stuff.
a man is teaching how to fix a computer.
a man wearing black t shirt is explaining about hard ware beside a computer cpu
a group of motorcyclist are on their bikes with cars behind them, and a man is talking.
group of member riding in two wheeler bike and one person walk with road side
all of a sudden all the bike racers stop in the middle of the road. one of the guy gets down form his bike and ran far away since suddenly smoke is coming from his big engine.
a man getting of his motorcycle
a little distraction in traffic with a group of bikers
multiple people on motorbikes are stopped in the road
a man in red bike is stopped on the road
a group of people riding bikes stop suddenly as one of them gets off.
a team of people on motorcycles sit in traffic.
on a road a bike got hit by the car,rider goes away.
a girl standing in mountain hills and camera rolling the girl with upstaris
a woman with a guitar stands on a mountain top.
a woman carrying a guitar on her back standing at the edge of a cliff.
miley cyrus singing one of her songs in a video clip
miley cyrus stand atop a cliffside with a guitar as music is played.
a music video with a girl standing on a mountain wearing a tank top.
the end of miley cyrus' music video, the climb plays while she looks off in the distance on a cliff.
miley cyrus standing on a cliffs edge with a guitar swung around to hang on her back as she watches above her.
a woman singing in mountains alone without a guitar or other instrumental
a musical videos short clip by miley cyrus from the album the climb
scene from the movie pirates of the caribbean, where pirate jack sparrow talks to another character.
jack sparrow talking to a man at night
the weak use force, the strong use dialogue. the weak dominate others, the strong promote freedom.
captain jack sparrow wearing a hat is speaking gibbs
captain jack the sparrow is speaking with his mat
the world famous jack sparrow speaking well.
someone is watching the movie pirates of caribbean.
a conversation scene from the movie pirates of the caribbean in which the hero of the movie talking to the other character
a man wearing a pirate hat is talking to another man.
it is scene from a movie  where the herione sees a and go through a locker
a man is singing a song in a stage
a man singing on an sing show he is performing
a person is performing in a stage by singing.
the grand finale of a song by a latin singer
a man with black dress is holding a microphone and singing on the stage.
indian celebrity performs a song on a television show. lights are flickering.
a man on the stage is singing song and dancing
video of a singer, it is a more than normal video that we can see every day
a young man wearing in black is singing a song
a man is singing with mic and dancing on the stage
a patient lying on a stretcher in a hospital corridor being taken by two professionals
there is a person in a blue cap who is in a bed and she is crying.
trailer: a seriously ill woman is taken to a hospital gurney along a hospital corridor, next to her is a girl
a woman crying and wrapped in white sheets is being rolled to another location by three individuals in light blue shirts.
doctors are taking a women patient to the hospital room on a stretcher and she is crying from pain.
scene of a patient on a hospital stretcher crying
woman crying while she going in hospital as a patient, may be for operation theatre
the person lying in the stretcher is being taken somewhere.
a woman in a stretcher being puched by a man a there is another person on the side of the woman
pregnancy girl have be go to pregnancy ward
man inside a red ferrari with front view of the car dashboard.
the person is sitting in the drivers seat in a car and reviewing it.
dashboard of a beautiful italian sports car from ferrari
a man explaining his product review about a new ferrari car
home explaining your ferrari dashboard
the car has a black steering wheel and the parameters are shown.
someone is show the car dashboard of the ferrari
view from inside the driver seat of a ferrari
there is a man behind a steering wheel and he is giving instructions about the car.
a man sits at the driver's seat of a car and explains.
number of vehicles waiting for the traffic signal
the police offcer tells the bikers not to race down the street.
a man in his motorcycle waiting for the traffic light talks to a man that has just arrived in a black car
when motorbikes are ready to take off and stoped police car
three men are waiting in motorbike and a policeman is shouting in the car.
policeman in car is not happy about motor cyclists behaving as if they were on a race course.
some people on motorcycles when a police car arrives.
a policeman in car talks to three motorcycle riders.
a group of motocyclists are sitting around when a police officer pulls up.
a group of motorcycles are at a stop light and the police pulls up and talks to them.
caterpillar declares its awesomeness by exhibiting some next level metamorphosis. horrific music in background.
the footage of lava with some music in background is seen.
a caterpillar is transforming into chrysalis on a tree branch.
this video very nice and naturally attractive color super
a green and black caterpillar's skin is retracting upward as it is forming a chrysalis.
green caterpillar coming out of the green and black cocoon.
a green caterpillar is turning into a butterfly
caterpillar is shown growing a cocoon while up-beat music plays in the background
a caterpillar doing a cocoon upside down in a branch
how caterpillar turning into a butterfly
a lady with long blonde hair is singing on the stage while others are dancing on the back.
a group of people playing music , dancing and singing on stage.
a beautiful girl with long hairs is giving a singing performance with music on a stage in very beautiful way and some girls are dancing behind her
a singer who sings her song together with a group of dancers who accompany her on stage
a woman in a pink and black jersey singing and dancing.
a lady sings in a stage and five more ladies dancing around her.
female musical group singing and dancing on stage.
all girls are song in stage performance
there is a girl who is singing and she is surrounded by a bunch of other girls.
a stage performance of a lady singing music and four women dancing behind.
a man plays guitar on stage with a band.
a country musical group playing guitars on a stage.
two men are playing guitar on the stage dressed up as cowboys in front of the audience.
red color cap man play the guitar then black color cape man singing
a man performing guitar on a stage to his audience.
two men,both wearing hat playing guitar in a musical concert
a musician playing guitar in front of people
a rock band is playing on a concert. it is an old video.
guitarist with an electric guitar with black clothes, a black hat playing at a small concert with 2 more people on stage one of them using an acoustic guitar.
a musical troop showing their performance on the stage
how to set a lighting lamp and its uses.
some is keeping the designer bed light on the bulb
an ornamentic lamp shade is installed to shade a lamp.
we have the view of the living room of a house where there is a light bulb
a woman  covering the night lamp with the metalic white shade
old type table light lamp has putting her cover of its show
a lamp stand with golden pattern putting on the light bulb.
the beautiful white colored night lamp
a lady is putting lamp shed on the lamp
a woman described the table lamp
the person is showing the working of a gear.
a man is demonstrating a gear mechanism he made
a man was how to make the gear in youtube videos.
a self made gear system is playing on the table
a you tube video shows how to inter connect two wheels and make it to function
a men introduce the youtube channel and introduce a product
this is the wood craft showing the engine function rolling
one person made a piece of wood.
a person is turning an oddly-shaped wooden gear forward and then backward.
a person shows demo of a wooden carved gear assembly.
the mother goose club kids are singing in their customes and ready to present the show.
in a mother goose club 6 persons are dancing and riming fir the babies
6 children dressed in colored animal costumes sing together.
the children of mother goose club show dancing and singing
there is few childrens in colourful costume and they are dancing or singing with dancing letters after that coming stars with some letters.
six kids singing and dancing about the title song of the program
there is a mother good club and children are dancing wear different dresses
there is a cartoon video and it's showed mother goose club and the children dancing and singing and then one little girl told this little light of mine.
number of kids dancing and singing a song
the children are singing the rhymes joyfully
a presentation providing facts about a mushroom called the autumn skullcap.
a man advising about a brown mushroom that you should not eat
taking the hand and showing the camera two linod mushrooms
photo of a male showing mushrooms and describing the type of mushrooms
a man shows two mushrooms that grow on the base of a tree
a man talking in background while he shows examples of mushrooms you should not eat.
a man holds mushrooms that are growing on a log.
a man is talking about poisonous mushrooms of gold color
a man just looking into a small plant
a person touching two mushrooms growing by a log.
a demonstration of the use of a double stroller with a mother and a boy
the kid is standing on the baby trolley while the woman pushes it.
a woman is teaching his kid how to ride a stroller
a boy playing the toller and mother helping with the son
a lady with a kid showing the trolley,how it works.
a morher and a kid are holding a baby scrawller and moving around
a woman plays with a child with a two-seater baby carriage
mom and baby are testing a double stroller, rolling it a little
video of a woman and child, she helps him push a baby stroller
a woman talks and pushes a stroller as a toddler rides the back part of it.
women chatting in a red room with pictures on the wall
these earliest painting are amazing and are completed when she was a teenager
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
two ladies are sharing some ideas.
blonde woman talks to red-haired woman in burgundy room.
a red haired woman and a blonde woman are having a conversation in the corner of a red room.
two white women talking in a closed room and one have a mobile phone in her hand
two womans are talking about teenagers painting
two ladies busy in discussing some important topic
two women talking in a room,they are siting and there is two painting in the walls.
a car manufacturing factory displaying different parts of a car.
a car is in a process of making
a silver car frame is displaying in the show room with yellow fences.
in a factory, there are car parts sitting on or next to an assembly line that isn't working at the moment.
a car factory showing unfinished cars in raw form.
showing a part of the car that will be assembled.
it is the car body in something like a fabric car.
a car is repairing in the car repair shop
a vintage car is being displayed with no one around
a metal silver car parts are shwn
there is a woman in white black dress, she is talking about her garland
a pretty asian woman showing a necklace in her bedroom
a woman is speaking and showed a chain
a woman showing a cord.
a woman is reviewing a chain and talking about  jewellery gifting ideas.
a girl sitting on the bed and explaining about the jewelry
girl talking about buying necklace for your dog
a woman wearing a white dress is showing her chain with a locket.
a girl is talking about you pay how much you paying for doctor.
a women with black hair try to record a vedeo and tell people about neakless and her experience to buy it.
a man in a purple shirt gets hit in the face by a red ball and falls on his back with his legs in the air.
a red ball hit a man's face and he fell down
a man takes a ball in the face and falls to the ground.
a man gets hit in the face with a doge ball.
man wearing a purple t-shirt is hit by a red ball in the face and falls down on his back
caidno man after being hit by a ball in the face
a man who is struck by a red ball and falls backwards as a result.
shows a red ball going towards a man and hitting him in the face
a football strikes a mans head with lot of power and knocked him down
slow ,motion video from a comedy where a ball hits a man in the face.
a blue shoe with a hang-tag that says we the best.
sneakers on camera zooming in to see details.
blue color shoes  with keychain
the new air jordans are shown while a woman described the collaboration and the we the best keychain.
shoe with blue color with black strikes and white color
a excellent shoe is showcased from air jordan branded as we the best.
a blue sneakers coated with white and grey at the heel as well as other colors at the side.
a woman talks about a blue tennis shoe.
a lady describing a slogan on a shoe bringing out a persons personality
a blue and white sneaker is shown while a woman speaks
orange is asking to apple that â€œcan you do this?â€
a conversation between an apple and an orange.
animated cats holding pieces of fruit having a conversation with each other.
the cat dressed in an orange costume was annoying the cat dressed in an apple costume.
two cats are inside some sort of costumes and are talking to one another.
blue and black of two cartoon cats of speaking with the apple and orange shape body
two colorful cats are sitting.
two cats one with blue dreeesed red and another withblach dressed brown,both were talking.
two cats cat cartoons talking
two cartoons talking with each other about hi hello
six young boys are performing dance while singing
a group of people dancing in a very beautiful setting
a male singer dancing and singing in a musical video.
there is a group of buys singing and dancing on stage.
a boy band dances and sings on stage.
a korean music and dance group showing their choreography.
a young man sings a song while dancers dance around him.
â€œstrong interpretation of the story through your movements and dance routine which was great.â€
youth male group performing a choreography and singing.
the boy band bts is singing a song called fake love. the sequence is very well choreographed and very well sung.
smile with the women and turn the happiest movement
sharon stone is smiling over the actors of dc movies.
a woman laughing hysterically while showing her teeth.
a woman laughs of happiness as the time slow down.
a slow-motion clip of sharon stone laughing.
a man who talks about a famous actress
a lady seems to be very happy smiling
blonde woman with short hair laughing at the possibility of making a dc movie.
a woman wearing a stone stead is giving a smiling face happily
an unseen man narrates a review of a movie he is watching starring sharon stone.
asian group performing choreography and singing in music video.
boys wearing coats are singing and dancing together
a big group of young dancers perform enthusiasticaly on pop music.
a k-pop band full of young boys doing synchronized dance moves.
many boys dancing to a song at the same time.
a group of young people dancing on the ground with a reddish yellow beautiful sunset in the background.
a band is singing a song in a music video.
young people sing and dance for a kpop music video.
many peoples are dancing uniformly on the street
a group of boys with different types of dress singing song and dancing nicely
a man is shooting another in black dress
a man fires a gun and nearly hits another man wearing a suit who is hiding behind a door frame.
in a corridor, a man is shooting at another man hidden behind a corner.
two person is fighting, and the one person was shoot for gun.
the clip shows us as an action scene from an action movie
a man shoot in another guy however the bullet hit on the wall
a film scene contain shoot out between two men, they maybe hero and villain
a man shoots a shot into the corner of a wall, used by another man as cover.
the man is shooting another man but bullet got hit in the wall.
a shooting movie with two guy shooting with guns at each other.
a concert performance by the lmfao duo with several dancers
five people are dancing on the stage
1. a person singing a song with 4 dancers in a tv show with black dress
band with 5 participants dancing on a lighted stage
the man sing a song in the program.
musical group composed of men dancing and performing.
five men dance on a stage in a v formation. the man in the centre sings into a microphone and one man has a gold box on his head.
alot of people dancing in a stage and one of them hÃ¡s a yellow retangular mask
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
lmfao, unmistakable in addition to sensational musicians, sent too much in dance, they were complete with funny lyrics and well-done choreographies
a person with blue t-shirt standing and speaking something
a bald man wearing a dark blue t-shirt is in a store talking about a product.
a man explains about the product and talks very well.
a man in a blue t-shirt in front of big windows with equipment is telling something
the man was  some explained to the matter, he speak to english.
man in blue shirt shares his professional opinion on various auto parts.
it describes about features and working of electronic products.
studio photo workshop man has a huge relief eith power
a man from a shop with a blue shirt talks about a spotlight
white man with blue shirt talking about some product in a store
there is a man with long black hair singing and doing motions with his hands
a long-haired singer in a music video clip
man with long hair and a black shirt sings and performs
a man with long hair is singing a song and looking at the camera
the man is singing with gestures in the music video.
a pop rock clip
a man with shaddy dark hands is singing and moving his hands around.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a guy in grey hoodie with long hair is singing a song
a person is looking more animated while singing
a man gives a knife to other to threat a woman
a guy holding a gun and threatening a women and the women abuses him and later the man takes a knife.
a man covered in blood points a gun at a woman and then swaps the gun for a knife another man offers.
a person going to shoot a lady. his shirt is full of blood. and another one is with him
a man in a bloodstained shirt points a gun at a girl, the girl swears at the assailant and the assailant exchanges the firearm for a knife.
the young man was holding a gun at the distraught woman.
actor threatens bloody actress with knife and gun
a young bloodstained man threatens a woman with a gun.
trailer from a movie where a bloodied guy threatens a girl with a weapon
a boy in a bloody shirt points a gun at a woman, then picks up a knife
the laser is pierced through to put a hole in it
this dark place up side some part is damage and put down give bright.
laser beam in dark place opens hole for light to enter.
the roof of the cave was cut by a laser and fell to the floor.
there is a beam of light coming out of the ceiling of the cave.
scene from a film a laser makes a hole.
everything black suddenly a ball comes from a hole
something fallen from the top in to a cave
a green laser light glowing upside and cutting the top in a circle and that part falling down.
a laser cuts down an hole in some place and its drops down.
a car engine is opened up and we can see its various parts.
different parts of a car in the engine.
the cameraman is showing us the parts of car.
a person films the engine of a car
someone filming and showing in detail the engine of a car
one person is showing front parts of car
there is an engine open part of the car
a video showing the car engine and other parts.
sentence 1 : a person shows car front part in a open manner
a closer look at different parts of an vehicle
caucasian male wearing glasses a granite color social shirt and wired black headphones talking to the screen with a blue grayish background
adult man chatting to someone using a webcam.
a gentleman wearing specs speaks to someone and shares information virtually.
a man speaking about some topic to another man.
the man in a charcoal gray button up shirt is discussing pathogens and asking about future numbers amidst the pandemic on ted talks.
a man wearing glasses is talking about pathogens.
there is a guy in black shirt and glasses talking.
this is advertisement for the movie insidious the last key and it was releasing on january
a conversation between two people, the first one wears glasses and a dark green shirt. the second one is listening
a doctor discusses worse pathogens coming in the future.
a women in golden & black frock playing violine in a studio.
a woman plays the violin music in the stage program
the beautiful busica relaxes you, nice video
a women wearing black color dress and composing guitar
a young concert violinist performs along with an orchestra.
a woman is playing violin on the stage
a brunette female is concentrating playing her violin.
a woman is playing the violin on the stage.
a women playing a violin in the stage
a lady with the black dress on is playing the violin in the orchestra.
a man points at an interesting snail and talking about it.
a person wearing a bracelet is picking up a snail and putting in their hand.
a guy picking up a snail trying to be gentle as to not scare it
a man trying not to scare a snail so as to place it on his palm
a man handling a snail's shell demonstrating it
a person picks up a large snail and puts it in their hand.
a person slowly and gently picks up a large snail and places it on his hand.
the man picks up the snail very gently,
a person slowly picks up a giant land snail.
picking up a snail
a vehicle travelling on road while it crossing many trucks and containers
highway where a big truck and some cars travel.
moving at fast pace on the interstate is vehicles in different shapes and sizes.
cars are driving down a road and a trailer truck comes into view.
someone sitting in car and shooting traffic on road
dash cam video of a white semi truck and other vehicles on a busy highway.
the trailer is running on the road
busy road with several cars, a long, soft truck crashes into a smaller car.
a white transfer truck driving down a 5 lane highway collides into the back of a black car.
there is a car that approaches a truck on the highway both are going very fast.
this man has sneakers in his hand and is presenting.
a man is showing a shoe and speaking about the shoe.
the person with grey t-shirt talking about shoes.
a young man holding shoes talking about its peculiarities.
a man is talking and showing a shoe
a person with grey shirt reviews about shoe
ash colored t-shirt guy explaining about the quality of the shoe which he bought recently.
a boy in gray t shirt, standing in a shoes shop and is telling about his favorite pairs of shoes
in the nike sneaker room, there's a guy holding a purple and white nike shoe.
a man with a sports shoe in his hands talks about the shoe and its characteristics. around the man there are shelves with various sports shoes.
person with gloves on is working on car engine.
a person doing some work on vehicle engine.
a man is cleaning up machine parts in a workshop
a man showing to fix a car engine by replacing the cover.
it looks like someone was working under the hood of a car
a mechanic is taking parts off of an engine and placing is on a board
a man with light blue colored gloves putting nuts in a machine.
checking a person in many flats
gloved hands are working on some type of engine in a red vehicle.
man fixing a car motor with gloves on
a group of singers performs in a music studio
a stall with men dressed in black clothes are singing a song.
a man in black shirt is singing while others watch him around
there is a guy that is singing in a foreign voice and is making nice sounds
it's a music band playing in a rehearsal
a music team of young boy producing song
a person wearing a black tshirt sings a song along with his music band.
a man with brown skin is singing into a microphone while the band around him plays on their instruments.
a black dressing man singing a song , 3 other men are playing the music.
a guy is singing a song in a foreign language into a microphone and there are a few people behind him playing instruments.
a person who is drawing a beautiful flower with drawing pencils
some one doing pencil sketch of beautiful flower
showing a drawing a sheet of paper from a flower.
a person is drawing the shadows on the drawing flower using a pencil
a flower is being drawn on a white sheet of paper. guitar music in the background.
someone is drawing a flower
someone is drawing a gladiolus with a blue pencil.
a flower is drawn and the artist is shading with pencil.
a person draw to the flower with colour it
a beautiful pencil sketch is drawn.
a tall man wearing black pant, shirt and a jacket is announcing his programme with his troupe in a carnival
a team of dancer standing on stage for presenting a show
a guy is singing while others around appreciating
a person talk about in front of audience
host of the show appreciate the performance of the dance group
a black man on a stage with several women together, speaks to an audience
singer giving a speech on a stage full of dancers while the audience applauds.
a group of people with white shirts performed  a dance show on the stage and the host is in black shirt asking the audience  to appreciate  them
a person has given a speech in front of audians and many peoples standing with him in the podium
a guy with lots of people behind him who speaks at the end of a show
a man in sunglasses and a gray shirt drives a car while talking.
a person driving a car and telling his experience
a young man drives and talks to the camera at the same time
a boy drives and chats with the passenger
a man is describing a car he is driving.
a man driving a car on road and explaining about the specialties of that car.
skinny man drives a car, while offering his comments about the experience.
a man in sunglasses is recorded while driving talking
a man driving a super car and talking about its mechanics.
person driving in sports car while discussing it's attributes.
some accident is happen in the night the police men are moving around.
a man is walking on the road beside wall
accidental site where a truck fell down and police checking around it.
oh it was an accident and they try to save the people in that truck
a flipped truck is displayed. a road accident, with the police already on site.
two men are going little far from a car .
we have what looks like an aircraft that crashed in an unknown location
people are walking on the scene with some flashing lights on the van.
two men walking in the night in the street
that the two mens were working at night together
a group of gymnats are performing on the stage
people with clown clothes on are performing flying though ropes in the circus.
a circus with a lots of players swinging around with some beautiful different colors halogen lights.
gymnasts are showing there actions.
acrobats are performing dangerous feats to entertain the audience.
trapeziusist performing live action tricks for a live audience.
few humans dressed in yellow doing some acrobatics show.
group of trapezists make a presentation during a circus show
circus artists performing at circus with background music.
men on yellow clothing at a circus diplay gathering.
an introduction for the programme bounce patrol where they will go through the alphabet.
cartoon broadcasting images of happy dancing women and singing.
three women and two men dance on a stage for an intact program.
is the introduction of a program for children in which they teach the alphabet
people dressed as carriers sing and dance in a cartoon world
five people in sailor costumes amazing dancing action
there are five persons wearing different customes and hats, all of them are dacing.
bounce patrol team teaching kids alphabets along with dancing.
group of five women trying to teach alphabets in a funny way
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a woman is giving a conference with video beam.
in a presentation of tedx a women presenting a topic of inheriting genes from parents.
the female is standing on the stage and talking in a tedx show.
a woman talking in a stage, she is explaining and talking in a louder tone and a big screen on the wall.
a young woman making a presentation about people on stage
a female is up on stage doing a ted talk with a big screen in the background
a women with black tshirt and explain the theory in the stadium
woman speaking at tedx talks with red balloons in the left corner
the girl is speech in the gene matters. tet and tuft in the programme.
a woman having a ted talk about genetics
the animals are walking and running
two pokemons are walking on the desert, meanwhile three other pokemons joins them
a snake and duck and some other animated animals are moving
its a cartoon network displayed in pokemon channel
a person plays pokÃ©mon
cartoon birds, animals, fishes walking the movie
pokemons are running on a dry land in a video game.
a beautiful animation were made with some toy kind of characters.
two characters in pokemon game is walking , after they are followed by three more
the pokemon is running with his friends in a desert area
a woman in blue top angrily talking with some one else
a lady with blue full sleeves top speaking in anger.
woman wearing a blue blouse speaks to someone and goes up the stairs
a woman in a blue outfit with long dark hair is talking.
the low quality video shows a white woman with brown hair on a staircase, wearing a blue blouse holding a book and is talking to someone who does not appear in the video.
a girl in her blue top shouting at someone about his selfishness an d after that she is going to upstairs.
woman in blue dress throws a tantrum, then proceeds to walk up a stair.
a lady with blue dressing who railing to another person
a woman of those with a blue shirt appears to be nervous
a lady in the blue shirt is talking to somebody else
a man on the beach wearing goggles is going in the water
a man with a swimwear puts a scuba mouthpiece and go into the sea water.
man is a snorkel mask runs into the ocean.
a man with a snorkel and video camera mounted on his goggles goes into the sea for a dive to look for shells.
a man is about to go diving in the ocean with his goggles.
a guy is on the beach in snorkeling gear saying how excited he is to get in the water with his collection bag to get some sea glass and seashells.
a man is getting ready giving a speech and doing a scuba diving under a water
a man in a beach with scuba mask and showing it to the video and running towards the water.
a man going to dive into sea and try snorkeling.
a snorkler is exploring the ocean for things to collect.
a cartoon character is talking with a snail inside the shell and it came out.
a girl is playing with a small animal
a women calling a snail for wake up and she excited
a person speaking with snail in the cartoon channel
two animated characters doing funny things around
a pink dress girl is talking to blue snail.
an video in which a girl is speaking
a cartoon speech between a snail and a small girl
a little girl talking to a shell
the girl told to the snail, come out from the home
a nfl play from the arizona cardinals where larry fitzgerald makes a catch.
cardinals play with their rivals packers where both scored 17 points each.
there are two teams playing the rugby game in the stadium.
a commentator explaining the exiting moments of a rugby match
a football player blocks another player
is a video about a football nfl match between two american teams
two teams playing football, one in white and red jerseys and other in green and yellow ones
a great launch within american football with an extremely difficult reception.
larry fitzgerald makes a nice catch during the cardinals vs. packers football game.
a team with yellow pants and other team with white pants ar playing rugby together on the pitch.
a woman in grey is searching for clothes in her wardrobe.
a young lady searching for a cloth in a row of hanging clothes in a shelf.
a woman with a gray sweater is going through her closet and talking about it.
a woman is in the closet choosing clothes to wear.
the female is viewing different color dresses in the wardrobe.
a young girl is browsig through her collection of clothes, trying to decide what to wear.
a lady searching a shirt to wear at last she choose pink t shirt
a woman going through a closet with clothes in it.
a woman perusing her closet and talking in the background about her process in choosing an outfit.
woman commenting on her clothes.
the dog scratched himself and fell on top of the baby while he watched tv and played.
the dog falling down on the baby in moving
a caramel dog that will lick and falls on the baby
baby in a blue clothes and a dog behind him
a grown dog leaning on a little child sitting in a carpet
music is playing as a large dog and baby are sitting on a rug while the dog sits on the baby and people are laughing!
a baby plays as a dog sits on him and they listen to music together.
a dog is falling on a toddler after the dog starts scratching. the video recorder is amused. laughing is heard.
a little boy trying to move with a dog behind him.
a dog and baby playing with each other
a man is smelling deodorant in a supermarket or drugstore.
the man is in a store and shows a product that he claims to be really good.
a man is searching a thing in a shop where more bottles are there
one person in shopping mall telling about the perfume which is really good
someone at the supermarket picks up a deodorant on a shelf full of deodorant
a person explain about the some product in the shopping mall
a person purchasing the supermarket in some products
a man shopping for shampoos in a mall, where there is a huge collection of shampoo bottles arranged
in a mall a guy is picking a object and placing it back.
a hand pulls a bottle of shower product off a shelf at a store, then places it back on the shelf.
there is a person who has a crossbow and then he shoots it. after he shoots his shot, there is an exposion.
some one is watching a video with people and music.
when she got a signal like a button she become as warrior and her coordinate practicing the arrow to kill the targets
dramatic music play asa woman goes to pin something on another woman in a munitions factory as a man shoots a crossbow causing an explosion.
a person pinning a pin of some sort on to someones clothes.
two young people are seen buckling up and getting ready for action. they are in a large munitions bunker and their weapon is a crossbow.
the group of people are shooting in the dimly lit store.
a man fires a certain target in a dark hall
a man takes aim at a target and launches with a fiery crossbow.
this man is testing out his new big gun in a huge warehouse.
the lady wearing a black jacket is leaning and talking.
girl in a cold coat in a super cool room
a woman wearing black jacket is speaking in a room
a woman shows a bedroom with an igloo looks
girl in a room describing styles of living.
girl in a dark jacket presents a hotel room made of ice
a woman is talking in a room made of snow and ice.
a woman is really excited about getting into an igloo setup.
unique experience in the ice hotel, amazing how it is kept frozen and how it remains magnificent
the dark haired woman wearing a jacket stood in an igloo talking about it.
this game is in mourning.
in the shooting video game a man with black shirt shoot with gun.
he saves the life of a woman and shoots the enemy
the video game character is shooting and winning the game.
a men thraw a bomb and it blasted
video of a game character killing another game character
a screen recording of a game is playing
a man destroy a metal thing on a green  grass
this is an animation video.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the toy will be playing to another toy.  so these very happy.
someone adds a black hat to the other snowman that is standing next to another snowman with a red hat, holding a broom, throwing snow at each other.
two snow balls one with red hat green scarf and other with black hat and black scarf.
two decorated snowmen animated to come to life.
two animated snowmans can be seen .and jingle bells song is playing.
a flying black hat falls on top of a snowman that comes to life and throws snowballs at another snowman next to him
there are two animated snowmen, one with a red hat, one with a black hat, interacting with each other while jingle bells plays.
a snowy garden is shown with two snowman standing in it.
two ice burg playing in ice place. a black hat flaying and coming to his head.
two snowman dancing with amazing music tune
mother is holding the child and talking to a lady standing nearby.
character of an animated drawing using a blue clothing holding a baby
a cartoon featuring a dad holding a baby reminiscing with his wife about when they were kids.
a clip from steven universe the tv show on cartoon network.
an animated character holding its baby in his lap talks to a lady character.
there is a person in a blue hoodie and he is talking to a person who is very pale.
a man and woman talking to each other about kids and their kid reply in awesome ways
talk to husband and wife
a man and lady speaking with each other and baby is laughing.
a male cartoon character holds a baby while talking to an apparently tired woman
a male describes a commercial that has grant hill and other people playing basketball to advertise how sprite quinches your thirst.
someone is describing a sprite commercial in great detail, accentuating the sensation that the marketers are trying to put forward.
a player is putting the ball inside the basket
the player is playing a volley ball.
two men, one in a flower shirt, the other with a beer can hat, discuss a soda commercial starring grant hill.
two men discuss a sprint commercial as they show it.  the ad is of a basketball player drinking sprite and making a basket.
a volley ball player with blue clour sleevless  promotes sprite ad since it is from the year 1995.
two men watching a basketball player drinking a soft drink on a basketball court.
a person explains about the sprite cool drinks with the basketball player in the advertisement
a sprite soda drink advert about a few guys playing basket
very delicious, mouth is watering to eat. i will come  to eat this.
in a kitchen, someone is dropping the snack receipe's dough in the oil and instructed to fry until it turns golden
someone teaching a recipe while listening to music
a person holds a tube of cheese in his kitchen and squeezes it into pan full of oil kept on a gas stove and fries as music plays on in the background
there is a person who is trying to make churros in a pot of oil.
music is playing as food is being fried.
person cooking food on top of stove by deep frying.
one person is preparing something and frying in oil
churros are being fried in a pan that contains hot oil
in a pan the person is roasting churros
a man is panning his camera across a yellow car with an open hood, showing the engine and talking about the car.
a car engine inside of a yellow car commentated by a man.
this is a video showing us what an actual engine looks like.
a man in a gray t-shirt describes the engine of a yellow car, which happened to be very popular back in the day.
a man in a gray t-shirt is displaying an old engine that, in the past, people would resort to stealing to own.
a man discusses an engine that is shown in a yellow car with the hood raised.
a man wearing a white shirt talking about a bright red engine of a yellow car.
a man discussing the engine of a muscle car.
a man is talking while showing a view of a vehicle's engine.
a yellow cars hood is open showing the radiator reservoir, the engine, and everything else under the right side of the hood.
bill murray responds to a heckler on the late show with david letterman, causing the audience to applaud.
two people are engaged in talks with the public in a tv show
david letterman interviewing a comedian that is teasing the audience about them saying he sucks.
answering to a crooked questioning audience the guest in show gives a valid answer that makes him  dry out
an old talk show with tom hanks wearing a beige suit
a person sits up and doesn't admit he saw someone.
plateia have a lot of fun when a talk show program
bill murray interacts with the audience on the david letterman show.
two people presenting a program in tv show
a comedy show presented by two dude and one them dressed in brown suit and pant had to stand to express his feelings.
many children and an adult doing a choreography and singing in the hallway of a school.
a music video where some children and a teacher sing and dance a pop song
a group of children and one man dance in a corridor. at the end the man opens the door
group of kids are dancing along with their teacher in their school.
a group of children and an adult dance in the hallway of a school
school hallway with students and a dancing teacher.
children dancing in a music video set in a school.
a man with some girls is dancing
children singing and dancing in a school hallway around a dancing adult man.
the children's dance with teacher and they are very happy
a red haired cartoon character falls into a river from a great height.
there is a cartoon video that cartoon character jumping from the long distance in to the water.
yosemite sam falls from a great height into a river.
a cartoon character in yellow with a red beard is falling from the sky into water.
the character is falling into the blue water of the river.
a boy with yellow dress is shouting and  running.
there is a cartoon character on the screen in yellow gown and red hair jumping on the mountain.
a person jumps off a mountain and lands in a river.
a cartoon character falls from a cliff towards a river
a individual in a green slippers and a yellow robe with red hair falls down into a river while yelling.
he rolling that food in conciderable manner  and then also he says oh
a man folding a giant tortilla on his kitchen counter
there is a guy who is rolling in some food and is enjoying it a lot
a man preparing some eatables in his kitchen
a man is keeping a stuffing inside the roti and rolling it in the table.
a large hispanic food is being put together by a male with a grey shirt.
a guy in kitchen rolling vegetables into a chapati.
a man rolling a shawarma roll.
video of a man showing how to roll a burrito properly.
a person with a black shirt is folding a chapatti.
peppa pig family is going to a car scrapper place to talk to miss rabbit.
a cartoon of ms. rabbits and peppa pig.
peppa pig's family visit mr. rabbit who is working in a car dump
ms. rabbit's recycle center can be seen  and the pic family enters in the center in there car.
a crane that lifts a boat and in the meantime peppa pig arrives by car in the same recycle center
a cartoon rabbit operates a yellow crane, lifting a scrapped car inside a scrapyard. a family of four pigs in a car drive up to the crane and say hello ms rabbit.
a cartton video with a craine and car
the animated are animal characters are travelling in a car.
a car entered the netted compound and the rabbit talking to the one in the car in animation video
cartoon clip showing a small van moving around
a man with a camouflage baseball cap talks about fishing gear.
a guy in the outdoors is giving some sort of fishing tutorial on a certain thing to do with a hook.
a man in a red shirt talks about fishing while sitting at a wooden bench.
a man demonstrates how to put a fishing hook on a line.
there is a picture of a white guy reviewing a certain product
a man in a red shirt and black and white cap explains how to attach fishing line to a hook
a man in a red shirt is shown trying to attach a line to a fishing lure.
a fisherman is demonstrating how to prepare bait on a fishing line sitting next to a lake.
a person in a red shirt and a spotted hat talks to the viewers about making a hook.
a  man holds a needle and thread while talking at a picnic table.
a person is explaining how to play game
two minecraft players marvel at one of the blocks they placed down.
the gamer stampy talks through his gameplay in the world of minecraft.
there are two males playing minecraft in real time.
e guys are playing a game while talking about it
a person is building walls within a video game
a person with a masculine voice narrates a minecraft game while building things.
a person playing  fighting game
in an animated video an axe is pointing a man and so he goes behind the bricks to hide himself
man making a recording while playing a video game
an artist preparing to paint before getting angry.
a women dressed in white wearing a black bonnet paints on a canvas.
the artist has a second look at their painting.
a woman sits in front of an easel working until she throws the canvas.
a  lady dressed in a white with black strips sweater drawing on a white board
a person who sitting in front of a canvas suddenly throws it aside.
a woman is looking at a canvas but is unsure what to paint, then throws away the canvas.
a woman wearing a black hat holds a paintbrush up towards blank, white canvas then grabs and throws canvas at window.
a woman trying to paint on a canvas and getting frustrated, throwing the canvas away.
a painter in a white and black striped shirt is painting on a white canvas.
a grandma with white top and blue skirt is telling something to a boy
a very interesting cartoon picture, even i want to watch this with my kids.
a cartoon old women is talking to another character who is walking by.
a animated cartoon character says something to another character.
two cartoon character men and women in that women is telling to come back soon she will wait for him until he come
cartoon character is trolling his cohort. the cohort is not amused.
an old women is telling a young boy to not to get worried as nothing will terrify him on his destination,in a very tauntic manner
there's a person who is complaining to another person who just walks by.
a small boy seems to be very animated in cartoon clip
there is a man walking near to his son
cbs morning show says that snipers target dallas police 5 officers killed announcer talking about those fighting for their lives.
a man talking while wearing a suit with a red and blue tie.
a person seems to be talking with other person
mike rawlings is giving a speech about police officers lives
well dressed man discribes about the police officers in new chanel
a person spoken to breaking news
a man with gray hair and a suit giving a press conference.
a dallas police offer speaks after sniper kills.
mike rawlings at press meet says police officers,people whoo are fighting for their lifes at hospital.
a man wearing a suit is talking to reporters about dallas police officers who were the target of sniper attacks.
a man in the air and doing a somersault
a man in a blue shirt and shorts is spinning through the air.
a man in a blue shirt is falling through the sky and while he is falling he is spinning.
man is recorded in the process of free falling. the footage is slowed down.
a man jumps on the sky and rotates there slowly.
the person is falling down in slow motion with music in the background.
a man wearing blue dress is falling from the sky
a young man flying in the very blue sky
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a man falling in the sky in slow motion
a woman's photo is highlighted in many images
image from a student album and then a video from the cambridge school
someone is talking about a girl did not show up for school.
a person explaining the past  of an another girl
year book pictures with all the students' faces blurred except one
a person is talking about herself in her high school picture.
a media explains about a student of the school and shows her face.
inside the cambridge scool a girl get toppestrank to displayed
cambridge, high school showing the history of one of its several students
there is a school and their ground
a person is poring sauce on the sandwich.
a person is passing a green soak in their food
experimenting with a type of sauce.
man applies jalapeno sauce to his half-eaten sandwich which he is holding.
the man eat to variety of some food, and he was pouring the jam
a person eating and puting sauce in the food that he is holding.
the man eating the samosa with the happy mind
a person apply the chili sauce on the veg burger
a person eating something with his friend in the restaurant
guy in fast food restaurant adds jalapeno sauce to burger
man with a snake on his neck, walks around in the sand. a video creator narrates a voice-over to this.
a person coming in the street and he hanging anaconda on his shoulder
a man has a snake abound his neck
a man in holding a giant snake around his neck and laughing.
gibbon hanging from the neck when its owner speaks
a man carrying a huge snake is saying something to others
a man with a snake on his neck
anaconda snake use for enjoy playing one man and very danger for all time.
someone is using a voice-over to make fun of an outlandish man with a large snake on his shoulders.
a man in a loincloth and dreadlocks with a huge snake around his neck
someone using a spatula to mix a white substance in a silver pot.
a video a person cooking something in citchen
this man is mixing something up in the pan.
some one preparing sweet dish in their kitchen
someone cooks in a pot on the stove and narrates while stirring something.
a person is mixing some type of food in a bowl with a spatula.
a man is preparing something and telling the recipe
a person mixes a recipe in the pan while someone speaks in a language other than english.
a cook is preparing a meal, while stirring the main ingredients in a bowl. foreign language is heard.
a man cooking baked potatoes while turning it continuously.
a white man and a black man being torture by a woman
two women have made unconscious a man and a woman and have restrained them
the lady fight the man.
two women apparently torturing two men who are sitting very weak
moments after an assault in an action movie.
a man is dragged across the floor and then two men appear tied up by a woman.
two men are being punched and dragged through the floor by women
a woman showing two women in trance
a bunch are people are seen tortured and dragged across the floor.
two men on the floor and a woman uncovering their faces.
big white letters spelling out the words, end of earth, appear in front of an animated scene with a tall orange pointy mountain in the center.
the title of the show is shown with mountain in the background.
a title shot showing a tall pillar of earth and the words end of earth
scorched planet surface is shown. dramatic, menacing ambient music is heard . a title is displayed: end of earth.
the video shows a desert and a little mountain with end of earth words
screen is showing the end of earth in white color
there is a black and orange mountain of a video game while a white title end of earth appears
the title of a video game shows up in the front of a mountain.
image of the big volcano and wording of end of earth on it.
a image of a spiky red mountain with the title the end of the world
the spiderman is flying in between the building and a police chopper is flying reporting a robbery.
scene where character is followed by a world famous film helicopter
spider man has diving from one builing to another for a emergency purpose
a spider man is flying amongst the skyscrapers with helicopters chasing him.
spiderman eluding the police helicopter by swinging through skyscrapers with spider webbing that shoots out of his hands.
superman flies between the buildings escaping the police
spider man is climbing buildings a helicopter is following him
spiderman flies between the buildings while being chased by a black helicopter
the spider man jump from one building to another and a helicopter follow him
spiderman swings using webs chasing the helicopter swiftly.
a man with golden hands touches a mask and this mask turns golden too
a women touching a substance and it become lighting
a mask's color is changed to golden color when a man touches it with his hand.
there is a man with gray hair and he turns his hand into a golden color.
someone is holding a golden  object and touching it
a doom style robot series giving information about next chapter of it.
a character touching facial armor and making it golden
a man wearing white t-shirt and sporting rough hair on the head is touching a metal toy with his left hand and it turns golden
a cyborg with golden hands touches an iron helmet and it becomes golden.
a young adult holds a robot head and when they touch it, the metal turns to gold.
a man touches little turtles in a woven basket.
a person holding a basket containing four hand sized turtles.
the person was shuffling around the turtles in the basket.
a person turns a turtle over that is on it's back in a basket of four turtles, and then picks the basket up and takes it away.
a person is cleaning 4 turtles in a brown basket then moving them away.
there is a hand that is touching some turtles that are in a basket.
a hand flipping over a basket of four turtles outside.
a white basket with turtles inside and a man flipping one over.
a person turns one turtle out of four in a basket right-side up, then picks up the basket.
some one is adjusting some turtles in baskets.
someone is looking at the movie scream, and there is a woman with blood on her hand.
the actress looks at her hands and discovers them covered in blood
a woman looking confused immediately realizes with shock she has blood on both of her hands.
a woman is standing next to a person in a reaper costume and then she holds her hands up and they are covered in blood.
a short-haired woman next to a masked creature discovers her hands in blood
a woman with a disgusted look on her faces looks at blood on her hands.
it is a scene from the scary movie. the actors are in a movie theater, and a woman is sitting next to a masked man, and realizes that her hands are covered in blood
this is a clip from scary movie.
a woman is looking at her hand fingers
woman in a movie theater looking at her hands with blood
panda eating bamboo using his tow frond legs.
a polar bear is seen eating plant leaves
a panda is eating grass.
a panda is eating green leafs in a forest
a panda in the field is eating some leaves.
national geographic narrated documentary about the panda bear
a panda eating its delicious morning meal, it seems tireless
a giant panda is eating leaves from a bamboo stick.
a cute panda bear eating some green leaves
a koala panda eating leaves of a plant that is fed by someone.
a small bird with a black head and an orange body is standing in a circular structure eating something while a voice speaks.
a beautiful orange colour bird with black neck and white beak is eating something from a bird feed kept on the roof of a house with beautiful nature surrounding
someone is talking about the price on an item.
a bird is eating from a glass dish bird feeder as a man talks about the price of the bird.
a black headed bird with yellow wings dotted in black.
a bird is eating the food with its beak .
display of a yellow and black baby bird feeding for sale
ave eats its food that is in a dispenser.
a boy is telling about the little bird price that it's price is high
a sparrow eating their food from a plate
an online artist does a speed tutorial video of a desert image they made with a certain editing software.
there is a cartoon video playing in the background.
graphics on a computer program are displaying a desert mountain range amid a gorgeous sunset.
music plays while a photo of a sunset is edited.
graphics program on screen as electronic music plays and person adjusts size of tree graphics on screen.
the sun is a nice thing to look at and the mountain is brown
music plays in the background as a digital art piece is being created.
an artist digitally creates an image of a sunset.
here we have someone playing around with a painting program on their computer.
a piece of digital art depicting an orange sunset is edited via slight adjustments.
a bald, white man wearing a mask that covers his mouth reads a piece of paper aloud.
a man accept his failure and resign from his post
a man wearing a face mask and reading the dialogue which is written in the paper in the shooting spot.
a man with mask in his face reading out something in the paper loudly.
a man wearing mask look into a paper
a clip of the villain bane and commissioner gordon from the film the dark knight rises.
it is a scene from the the dark knight rises  where bane talks about  justice infront of the people
a man wearing a black mask gives a speech.
bane from the movie batman reads a speech in front of the city hall
a guy with a weird mask and jacket is talking and reading a piece of paper on his hand.
white man showing loose wires inside a wine-colored car.
a person's hand, touching the electrical part of a red car.
electric guitar was playing during this tutorial about wiring.
a white man's hand showing and interacting with red equipment wires while talking.
a person tries to pull some wire from the panel of a car door.
a person is showing the components of something
a man working on a car's electrical system.
man with his hand inside a box full of wires.
a man identifying a plug with wires on a car.
a person is pointing his fingers at some wires
a news story talks about a shooting in omaha, nebraska before referencing other past shootings around the world.
there is a mall target terrorist attack that is scaring a lot of people
a cable news network report on attacks on malls.
the news are showing an alert of malls as the new terror target.
several scenes of parking lots and malls while a talking about gun violence.
a news story showing different videos and talking about mall and school shootings.
the cnn news woman is talking about crimes in the world.
people are coming out of the mall in america due to terror attack
a news report shows clips related to mass shootings.
a news report about the mass shooting attacks.
the characters in a super hero movie are talking with each other.
three men and a woman in costumes discussing how they are going to solve a problem.
some avengers talk to each other while they are walking through the ruins of new york
peoples are searching something in a road and fighting
marvel heroes gathered in a city ravaged by war between villains.
thor and captain america was talking about their plans to defend new york
black widow, ant man, thor and captain america were searching for the enemy
thor and some other peoples were stopping the situation in middle of the war
thor and captain america are talking
a women in black suite with talking with two persons and one more person standing over there.
one person explaining his experience about race car.
a man explains about his car and shows it confidently.
a man who were cap and sunglass explain that cars qualities
a man is showing his new car porche.
a person in grey tshirt  with black csp snd googles are explaining  sbout his porsche  car
the man our car fully sticker.  the design is awesomeness.
a man in sunglasses and a black colorado rockies hat is talking about his portia macon turbo and how it has been wrapped with autofill solution.
a gentle man is describing about a new car
one person is a car model type in explain the details
a bearded male with sunglasses and a baseball hat points at his car.
a woman in red pants and red jacket is waving to the crowd at an election rally as another man and woman are following her
a lady in red followed by a man and  woman in black greeting people.
there is a woman in red dress and she is waving at a bunch of people.
the most popular president of united state,he is very kind.
hilary clinton and barack obama are greeting a cheering crowd.
two ladies waving their hands to people and a man all this in stage.
hillary clinton, followed by barack obama and bill clinton, waves to a crowd.
a women in red walks. waving her hand, followed by three men and three ladies.
some people waving and applauding to the crowd
the clintons and obamas wave and cross a stage with a huge american flag as a backdrop.
a lady showing a cube and saying that to understand the design of a puzzle and smashed it to have a close look.
a rubic cube is completed by itself
the animated rubik's cube is rotating itself and a person in the background talks about it.
some guy is explaining about how to solve the rubic cube
changes the puzzles and finally broken in video
a rubix cube rotating and collapsed
a rubik's cube is changing shape and its tiles are turning by themselves before a hand appears to smash it into its parts.
someone is showing how to play in rubik's cube correctly
a rubric  cub can be seen and someone broke it.
a turning of the 3 by 3 rubik's cube and gets smashed eventually.
the  scene  starts with a procession exiting a church sanctuary before panning over to the somber faces of a crowd.
womens and mens listening a music in a function
a church scene with people moving in a queue and others standing around.
many people make two lines and seeing over funeral of some person.
people walk around a covered cutout with the british flag
beautiful music plays as people walk past crosses and the camera pans through the crowd.
a procession of people in two lines by the side of coffin and cross and also an audience keeping silent and grief.
people are attending a funeral in a large crowd.
people at a funeral passing and looking at casket
people parading to say goodbye to a deceased.
pendullm word is illuminating with bright neon colors and a circle with spikes around it and dazzling according to music beats.
a strobing colourful graphic of the word pendulum is flashing on the screen.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
dancing light with colorful glitters with a rock song
rap song with graphic sound visualizer and sparkling lights.
a sound track with colourful display of pendulum  on the screen
a dj music palying as bgm
a pulsating blue circle on a blue background with the word pendulum written on it.
a song is playing in the background while the animated equalizer changes to its beats.
a rock music is playing with graphical image
a black dressing women watching in a ship
blond woman watching the city through the cargo door open by an airplane on the sky.
a blonde woman watches a smaller spaceship come out of a larger spaceship.
a scene of the black widow in the avengers movie
a person in black and white hair  is looking outside the rear of plane
a girl stood at the gate of the space ship
it's a dark scene of the spaceship under the night sky.
the scene from a movie where a lady is standing in a space ship and talking.
a woman opens the backdoor of the aeroplane deck
a woman in black standing in an aeroplane where there is an opening
a boy driving a sports car.
a man driving an open top car at the mountain curves and explaining about his ferrari
a person is driving a car, ferrari is so fast and loud.
a guy drives a convertible car and explains his experience like a car review.
a young guy is describing the features of a car
happy man driving a convertible amid green mountains.
a man in a white shirt driving a ferrari convertible.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man in a white shirt is talking while driving his car, he says this car and this road is the stuff that dreams are made of.
a person is driving a vehicle and explaining about it.
a indian lady walks out into the street and takes a photo and there is some funky music playing.
a girl in floral  dress wore a red bag and is standing on a road searching something in a paper
a beautiful young lady with long hair wearing a floral long dress with an orange handbag is coming on the road searching for something and a man approaches her
a girl on the street with a sheet of paper in her hand seems to be looking for an address
a woman in a printed dress searches for answers on a small piece of paper.
a lady is holding a mobile and trying to contact someone
a girl trying to make sense of the piece of paper that she is reading.
indian woman on street receives a secret message.
there are people walking across the street and liking it
a woman is dressed in a floral dress and a portfolio reading a paper, apparently looking for an address, the video has a music it can be a music video
it is an advertisement by an aged women in black dress who stands in a white background with sofa and pillows.
a woman in black dress is standing in front of the grey bed and telling something
a woman with ginger hair wearing black clothes is talking about pillows which may be those behind her on the bed
a black dressed lady explaining about the washing method of a pillow.
a woman in white seems to be talking about furniture
a lady speaking some topic explained details
a woman dressed in black speaks in front of the camera with a black and white bed behind her
ecplining detailed about the bed cersion and her feautured
a blonde lady in black dress talking and moving hands.
a woman standing is and explaining song
a man and woman are singing on stage.
a hip hop artist performing for a music video.
one guy singing or acting a music and another girl making a dancing move behind.
a black singer performs in a live performance
a music video where a guy is singing with a girl dancing in the background
man enjoys himself while singing in music video
a man singing and dancing in a musical video.
a man sings a hip hop song while there is a woman in the background of the clip.
black male with a leather shirt singing with a female black women dancing on his right size
a black man sings about a butt while a woman dances behind him.
a guy is streaminga video game with a friends
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner
a young guy streaming a flight simulator game, flying a single prop aircraft
the streamer is flying a plane and is talking about it.
a teenager in a white shirt is playing a flight simulator game with some friends.
a gamer is engaged in a video game.
a single prop aeroplane is flying as sunset.
we see a little boy playing a video game where he pilots an airplane
a boy flies a single-prop aeroplane in a flight simulator game.
a gamer with white top and headphone is talking while playing the air plane.
the flashing video is requesting to like and subscribe the youtube channel.
just a request to like and subscribe the channel in you tube.
a red background screen with letters in the colors blue and white written.
the end of a youtube video asking those who saw it to follow the channel.
the creator advises the viewer to like and subscribe his channel while music is playing.
youtube channel's promotion video for, likes and subscribe
advertising for some you tube channel requesting to subscribe the channel
blue text asking for subscribers and likes on a red background with the youtube logo on it in the middle.
a womenâ€™s feet show up wearing stilettos and disappear in red background with text.
there are several blue words with white borders, below the words is the youtube logo.
a beautiful lamp kept on the table along with other things
the room is very nice and the are perfect fit the things.
on a table some decorative items like lamp,photo frame,small plant are seen.
an attractive design of a lamp on a beautiful table
the person is talking about table lamp in the advertisement.
a lump is on the table in the room
sentence 1 : a lady explains in advertisement about perfect table lamp
a table lamp was burning like fire in middle and was kept in a table.
a brief advertisement for lamp plus features table lamp set in a well-decorate home and then cuts to a white screen with the company logo.
a voice saying you can choose the perfect table lamp for your space
a cat like man warns other men and woman present in backside of him.
a god from dragon ball universe tellong something in japanese to goku
this is the jacky john carton program watching the childrean.
dragon ball cartoon with goku, a girl, a cat like character and another one.
a scene from the world famous cartoon 'dragonball' with goku, vegeta, bulma and two antagonist speaking
in dragon ball anime, bills talks while vegeta is on his knees exhausted
beerus  stands and complains while goku,bulma,and whis look at a yellow glowing light.
this was a clip from an asian cartoon i've never seen before.
in the cartoon dragon ball the god similar a cat is talking.
a boy runs in action to comfront someone in cartoon clip
there is some written text on the black screen and a man is telling about it
a  window of a compter app is open on a computerscreen while a man speaks about the app and shows features of it with a mouse.
this is the one of the software.  like something edit in this software.
a guy explains about the usage of a music management software.
screen with an open browser on a website with a dark background and a yellow incone in the upper left corner and several words written in white throughout the site.
there is a person who is talking about a music program.
the person talking about something displayed in the desktop screen.
a man demonstrating how to use a music playing application.
a darl computer screen has wording and neon colors in the upper left corner.
a computer display shows the text  content with lot of black area.
a man helps individuals decide the best storage option for their chickens.
a man with a hat is showing items in his garage.
a person is explaining  about some machine
a man in a gray shirt and cap shows off various objects and equipment.
a man is pointing a black box.
a man describing about a grinder.
a man wearing a hat is talking about a storage tote and some chicks in a garage.
a man with cap explaining some serious topic
to show a beareded man in a hat talking about chickens.
the person electronic of the part explanation
there is a match of basket ball
players are playing basketball in the stadium and a player made the goal
some guys are  playing basketball and one guy shooting the ball on the basket
a team with white clothes and other team with red clothes are playing basketball.
a player in hold of the basket ball is running towards the basket and putting it.
in a basket ball ground a man in red shirt while putting a goal hit a other white team men to fall down
a basket is scored in a basketball game, while a mellow trap beat is being played in the background.
a man with maroon t-shirt is dribbling the ball and placed on the basket and others are opponent players are trying to get the ball.
audience watching there are playing in playground
two teams were playing a basketball and crowd were cheering them
bill murray is on the jay leno show talking to people
a  men with a green shirt and black hat is talking.
a man is conversating with a male talk show host, who is interviewing him.
bill murray dressed as robin hood on the david letterman show
a man dressed in all green telling a story on a talk show.
man in a green outfit explains how he likes to fly.
a man dressed in green with a black hat is talking to the host on a late night show.
a person in a green elf suit in sitting on a couch and talking to a person for an interview.
bill murray is being interviewed and says that he love to fly.
a comedian talking about the sound of music and carie underwood.
this is a gear ratio math problem using lego parts.
a wheels are played and with calculations and nice to see.
no more simple lego pieces, with simple inserts in precise locations and calculations we build more than just overlapping blocks
an indivisual assembles grey gears on a red lego block base and demostrates gear ratio which appears in white text above the assembled parts.
a lego contraption is assembled to deliver and demonstrate an impressive gear ratio.
a action toy with a gear ratio being tested out for speed.
a person assembles gears on a track and then they turn
some one doing some mechanical work using gear
someone is putting the gears on the machine and then did a math work on it.
a hand put lego gears and it start spinning and there are equations on top of that
a guy in the kitchen making some thing.
and wearing a grey shirt and an orange apron is whisking stuff in a bowl
a man is cooking and explaining the process of a dish
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a great cook been cooking with lot of incredians and food.
a person wearing a red apron explains about cooking a dish.
a man in grey and red are prepairing to cook the cookies
man in apricot apron is stirring a mixture in a bowl in a professional kitchen.
a chef is preparing a dish in the kitchen
an cook wearing glasses and an orange apron cooking and explaining what he is cooking.
a man explain the scooter set and all parts
a man showing the back of his car and describing what hes going to do
a person is explaining the usage of an instrument
he's showing his trunk out of his car.
a man is giving demo about his vehicle.
a man is explain how to dismantle the tail end of a car around the spare tire area.
a man explain how to fix a car
person showing something in his car
a hand is reaching into a vehicle while a voice explains the actions.
a man trying get the spare tire out of the trunk.
alot of people dancing in a white space and some lights turno on and off
music clip with group dancing and singing.
a group of dancers are dancing with great steps with grace.
asian men dancing to music in an otherwise empty studio.
the group dancer perform the dance program in front of camera
a group of people is dancing.
boys group were taking regersal about their dance on stage
a group of singers and dancers are singing and dancing in the room.
a group of asian boys dressed in blue are dancing while the lights go out and back on
there are people who are dancing around a lot
two person putting the some food in the table and sitting on the chair
two men bringing various foods on split screen video.
two people, one in deep navy blue tee shirt and the other in a printed red half shirt, is preparing the table for a calorie comparison video.
two guys taking so many snacks and getting ready for eating competition.
there is running a competition of food wars between two man of uk and us.
two men sit on a chair and place a series of foods on a table, which appears to be a comparison between the foods.
two guys with a lot of fastfood in food battle
there are two people who ordered a lot of food from a fast food restaurant
comparisons of calories between mcdonalds foods in the uk and the usa.
two men alongside one another sitting on a table with trays of food and drinks
a man is teaching how to play egypt quiz
games has to describe the points to score it
the interface of a game is shown on a gaming channel, while the host offers commentary.
a narrator describes playing the game epic quest.
a screen recording of a video game is playing
a man explaine about the game modes
a page with the display of a game of ancient egypt entanglement.
the person explains about the game in the home page.
guy show how to play the computer game -events in the game
a game screen is displayed and it's changing after some time
a guy with blue shirt and glasses on is singing a song.
jack hartmann kids music channel is very like to the children
the man wearing khaki pants and a blue shirt signed see it, say it, sign it.
a kids' action song by an middle-aged man with a blue shirt.
the title jack hartmann appeared and a song played with titles
we have an animation or educational class for young infants
a kids cartoon contains many animal mouse monkey rabbit and it says see it say it sign it
the lyrics of the song are displayed with some special effects.
a man with a mustache and glasses sings see it, say it, sign it while doing sign language.
a man singing a song on kids music channel
a kneeling man, who is the speaker, stands with excitement behind suitcases and backpacks.
a boy pops up from behind a backpack and is excitedly talking
a boy who is wearing a football team t-shirt is very excited about something
a blonde man in a white and blue striped shirt is speaking and gesturing excitedly.
a young man springs up from a heap of bags in the room.
a young man wearing a vertically striped blue and white shirt excitedly stands behind a pile of unopened luggage.
several suitcases and backpacks are getting ready to get opened.
the person with blue and white stripped t-shirt is talking.
a blonde guy is giving a surprise appearance ad talking by moving his hands.
a blue and white striped shirt man is shouting
lady in a white outfit is singing by looking at city skyscraper and holding a guitar on her shoulder
a person introducing his show on tv i'm a hall
black and white music clip with girl in white dress and guitar sings
a music clip with a very sensual woman, with a guitar on her back
a woman in a white dress is singing and dancing to music. there is a steeple showing at the end.
a woman in a white outfit dances in a black and white.
a white dressed women dancing in the outdoor
a girl id singing a song in guitar in her soldier
one woman is a sing a song and dance moment
woman dressed in white and with guitar on her back singing.
a teenage boy wearing a blue t-shirt and grey outfit singing his last line of song on the stage.
a boy sings the song in stage with mic
a boy in grey hoodie is singing a song holding a microphone on stage.
a boy doing a musical performance in an assessment program.
a child performs singing a song on a tv show
a boy in a gray jacket put a mike in hand and sing a song on the stage.
a boy is singing a song along with music in a show.
video of a child who probably performs in a discreet program
a boy in a sweatshirt and braces sings into the microphone for a musical reality show
a little boy is singing a song in the music competition
a male participant in a bicycle race gets off his bike and tosses it to the side in frustration.
a cycle rider pick the bicycle in the track
a cyclist in a red and blue suit leaves his bicycle on the ground
the bike spoils the athlete throws the bike on the ground.
in a fit of rage, a cyclist throws his expensive professional bike on the floor.
a cyclist throws his cycle down and gestures with his hands.
the woman is pushing the cycle down.
long cycle race were held on each people like marathon
this is the cycle race.
a cyclist in red-blue suit throwing down his cycle by the road with some public watching around.
an animated pencil introduces a how to draw video
three animals drawn on a sheet of paper and a text being written by a pen.
a cartoon pan is writing a sentence  how to draw
advertising for some drawing skills
a video with the purpose to teach about how to draw something
a template video with jungle background with giraffe, bear and tiger hides behind the grass a pencil writing as how to draw.
colorful cartoon with images of giraffe, bear, trees and a pencil.
a video tutorial talking about how to draw.
animation of a lapis writing how to draw and smiling
this video displays how to draw with good cursive hand writing
a man with white t-shirt is talking in an interview.
two gens are action to speak
two guys sitting in a living room talking about stocks.
jordan belfort talks to the journalist about his past and the marketplace of pennystocks
two person meet for some matter speaking to english
an interview between two, well-dressed men discussing investments and selling stocks.
man asked a question to him and he repplied that he always prepared.he seriously talk about his success with that companion
a man in white shirt talking to another man with brown shirt.
a man wearing white shirt is discussing with the man wearing black shirt
two people are busy talking to each other
a honey bee searching honey in a yellow color flower
beautiful for flower and make the all sweets collect that fly bird good one.
a honey bee drink honey from the flower
a bee collects pollen from flowering willow branches
a bee on the leaf, in an animal channel, being filmed
bees feed on nectar and pollen collected by foragers
bees filmed taking nectar from the flowers.
a bee is extracting nectar from some type of flower or plant.
a honey bee collecting nectar from a yellow flower.
insects in brown and black color are sitting in a yellow flower.
cartoon ordering pancake and blueberry on phone
a mouse talking in the phone, a bird watching that conversation
a animation video is playing and a mouse is speaking on the telephone
a cartoon character talking in the telephone about blueberries and pancake, and other character came stood there and listening to him
a video about a character that is making a call to his agent
a cartoon bear with white dress is on the phone while a guy with black hat is passing by.
an animated mouse is talking on phone with his agent and ordering blueberry with pancake
the cartoon character is talking over the phone and opening the glass door.
sesame street character fozzie bear telling a joke in a phone booth
a cartoon bear is on the phone, and offers a joke for his manager. a purple bird walks into the scene, and is not amused.
a person spraying something on a machine while working
a person disinfecting a work table with spray and wiping.
a young boy with face mask and black t shirt is cleaning his computer with sanitizing spray
in a car manufacturing company, worker clean his computer table with sanitizer before start his work
black t-shirt person spray and clean on the keyboard and monitor
cleaning with alcohol in a work environment
a person is sanitizing all the items on the table.
man at a car factory cleaning a computer work station before starting.
a black hair man wearing black clothes and a light blue face-mask is cleaning a surface where the computer is located using some spray
a man in a car manufacturing plant disinfects a table or desk which has a computer on it. the man is wearing a mask and gloves.
the moment that the owner of the dog leaves the room, metal music starts playing and more pets which were hidden appear from behind the furniture.
a man is wearing suit is walking beside sofa and sound system and a dog in animation
a white poodle is listening to music from a stereo.
in an animated video  a white dog switch on the tape recorded and dances.
beautiful, animals are always a lot of fun and this video is no different
guy talking to  a dog asking it to be a good boy
a man waliking in the room and dog ready to dance
a man in a suit stops to pet his whit dog saying you be a good boy leonard.  as soon as the man is gone, the dog starts to play loud rock music on a stereo system.
the animated sheep is playing the music and dancing.
a man in a suit walks past a dog, the man strokes the dog's head, the dog is white with curly hair. they are both in a living room in a house.
a man is looking a it angry while talking to another person
one person who speaks and another who is not seen answers
white old man with glasses talks seriously about a matter
a old man is discussing a topic in a meeting
an old congress man in a suit talking in a meeting.
a grey hair gentlemen in a suit and glasses is asking questions to others.
man in suit and tie discussing the american vietnam war.
old man sitting in an executive chair discussing important state matters.
a man, who seems to be in a meeting is speaking to other men.
an old gentleman wearing coat and tie is sitting on a office chair and deeply counsling a matter
a man wearing brown shirt and silver necklace styles the blonde hair on a maniqune head.
a male hairdresser shows how to style a model hair
a man is explain for demo in hair cutting
the person is doing a hairdo with a doll and talking about it.
a beautician giving tutorial about hair make up
the boy is use in kid and the training to the toy. brown color dress in that person.
a man with a white shirt and brown jacket shows how to hairstyle with a mannequin wig
a men describing the hair of a women
a man is styling a small girls hair
the boy  modeling a toys
a man using a black outfit crouches while talking about a grey pickup truck.
a commercial with a man plays for american trucks.
a white boy is telling about american trucks in a very expressive way
no matter what size, what matters is the right solution.
a man named travis noonan is talking about a grey car
the person explain the car
there's a person who is talking about a large black truck.
a man tells about the truck on a clip featuring american trucks.
a person is removing some food from boiling oil
there is a  white man is talking about american trucks
a man explaining a large screen features and its technical review.
a man wearing headphones is working on his computer and transferring the windows to a larger screen in front of him
a seated man works on a computer with two screens
the person is headset on in the computer. ligh.t on in room
a person is watching tv
a person wearing headphones is using computer while sitting on a chair. he is talking about the advantage of using a big screen to edit  videos, browse the web and play games
young man with two screens shows file transition between the two.
workplace of a young man in large headphones with three large screens, he works on one of them
a boy in a room handling his two computer screens.
someone is seating in the chair with the headset on and mirroring the computer screen on the big screen.
girl singing in a well lighted scenery in a musical program
one woman is a sing a song in music competition place
the girl sing in song. night vibes in the screen.
a women is passionately singing a slow song with a backdrop of london behind her.
a girl in a white shirt is singing into a microphone.
one girl in white colour dress is singing song in mic
a girl in white and black dress singing in mike very softly.
a young woman singing on stage with purple and blue lights behind her.
a beautiful young african-american woman sings passionately into a microphone.
a girl is singing a song in a tv show
a pretty blonde lady is frighten or surprised looking over the edge at something.
blond woman is baffled by the depth of heights. cranes are shown on the pier.
the blonde woman looks over a railing while ominous music plays in the backround.
a blonde woman with a beige coat looks very suprised by a unknown event.
the video shows an action movie, in which there is a great mystery
a blonde woman is leaning over a railing while dramatic music plays before fading into a distance shot of a city.
a women in brown jacket look at down with surprisingly, there is water, buldings, and cars shown on the screen.
white and blond woman with scared face in a movie scene
a lady in brown overall and white sweater looks from the balcony down at the river and an earth mover
the lady is watching surprisingly.
a man is making adjustments to his bag where he keeps golf clubs
some pressing equipment in black color
a hand appears to help regulate an unidentified object
showing details of a baby stroller.
a person is demonstrating how to use a function on a stroller.
someone is demonstrating how to use a contraption.
a mechanical item been set for moving played nicely.
one person assembles the stroller
a person teaching how to lock and unlock a baby stroller
the man someone things function with work continuesly thats it.
in an open space, a man tested a mini cannon in a simulation of a sea battle
a man with a cannon shoots against a sailing ship. a lot of smoke in this battle.
explosions taking place with smoke billowing out near a water body
there is a man explode the bomb in grassy or hilly area.
things exploding at random with a suspense sound in the background.
a man stands near a lake and watches as explosions take place nearby.
you see smoke billowing and then an explosion from a ship.
a person is doing some sort of experiment with explosives.
a sea, a lot of smoke and a small boat near a hill.
something blasting and air filled with fumes with a background music
recording of violent scene during a fighting game
electronic game showing two characters fighting in a dark gray environment.
video game fight, the character on the right cuts a bone to the one on the left with a knife
two animated characters fighting with each other in a game video.
a computer game clip where once character is doing his finishing kill on the other.
in the video game, two men are involved in a fight
a match in the mortal kombat game in which the character from the movies freddy krueger is attacked.
two video game characters are fighting with bladed weapons
a man is fighting and breaking the bones of other man with a dagger
a violent fighting game between two people
a cute woman with pink dress and diamond necklace is sitting in the white couch and talking.
a news anchor giving knowledge about coming storm
hot news anchor gives news on news channel
indian news reporter sitting on a couh in a bizarre pink dress from around 1940.
a woman is speaking in some type of news report.
excerpt from a tv show with a host with long curly hair in a purple jacket
a woman wearing a pink top and beads talk into the camera on a white couch.
a woman on a pink shirt and grey skirt seated cross legged on the sofa.
a female celebrity  is being interviewed  and she is answering the questions
a woman in pink dress sitting on a white sofa, news reporting in hindi, channel logo and news lines are in red colour
developing a sweet apple pie using cinnamon rolls
someone is trying to make a apple pie by placing the pastry dough and apple slices in the glass bowl.
a person is adding many pieces of  apple in a bowl which is already place with a round thing.
thin cinnamon rolls are placed in a bowl with apples.
woman make some interesting form of apple pie in glass form
a person is making some sort of food with apples.
someone is decorating their plate and telling something about it
a lady is making a homemade apple custard with cinnamon rolls.
a fast motion scene demonstrates how to assemble an apple pie using cinnamon rolls as a top and bottom crust.
a video showing a recipe
three doctors invite an additional crowd of people to the operating room during childbirth.
a doctor was operation was a pregnant lady
number of the doctors doing a lady's delivery
in an operation theatare a lady been operated by more doctors.
a lady is ready to deliver baby in the hospital and a lot of people are coming inside.
a doctor taking care of a pregnant woman brings in a crowd of onlookers, but kicks out the husband
surgeons are operating on a person and other people walk in
video of a woman in the room with nurses, doctor to give birth to the child waiting
a woman is giving birth in a surgery room of a hospital and the doctors open the door to invite a crowd in the room
the doctors are giving the treatment to the lady
showing apps and functions on an iphone
showing application configuration the mobile
a female shows different cell phone functions.
a woman with black nails is making selections on a smart phone.
a lady swiping on a smartphone whos selects activity playlist, running, hashtag #gymflow and select a drake song.
a lady just looking at various features of a mobile
a person is operating a phone by clicking and playing a song
a woman shows a playlist for the gym on her phone
a closeup view of an iphone being operated by a woman who is demonstrating how to play music.
some one people briefly explain the android phone.
a black man with hat is standing in the grassy field carrying a gun on his shoulder.
a man with a rifle in a desolate meadow
a man is standing in greenness, wearing a brown jacket, a blue cap and black pants, holding a gun on his shoulder.
a man standing in a field of grass while holing a gun.
a man in cap watching something serious on the grass area
the man is standing in the forest with gun in his shoulder.
there is a black gentleman crossing his arms with a rifle on his side standing in a field.
an old  person is holding a gun on his shoulder and standing in grass
a man with a cap and who looks like a hunter looks around the forest.
man in a field with several trees, carrying a hunting rifle
three asian males talking and laughing at something or someone.
as three men stand, the man in the middle starts speaking, and then, all three men burst in laughter prior to music playing.
a guy in glasses talks and laughs loudly along with other two guys.
a guy laughing with a headband on and one has glasses, while the other is missing a tooth.
three men talking to someone off camera and then laughing.
there are three men laughing very loudly
some guy is singing for super boy tv series  and he is wearing green mask and cape
there person is performing one is wearing glass. and he is laughing louder then other persons also laughing.
an asian man is talking and laughing with two people behind him.
excerpt from the music video - three chinese people look at the sky and laugh
little girl in little fabric house bites a green apple and bruises her teeth
a young girl in a princess tent pretends to injure her tooth after biting a green apple toy.
a little girl with pink crown and pink dress is sitting in the pink color toy house. she have an green toy apple in her hand. she is acting like bite the green toy apple and act as having toothache.
a little girl playing under a cubicle and biting a toy apple.
a small girl seems to be a bit dissappointed in eating some fruit
a young girl is sitting in the floor dressed in a white and pink flowered dress in front of a pink tent and holding a large green apple, takes a bite and hurts her tooth.
a little girl dressed in princess garb sits in a play room, takes a bite of an apple and her mouth hurts.
little girl shouting in her little house and molding an apple and feeling pain in her tooth
a young girl in a dress and tiara sits in a play tent and takes a bite of a green apple.  the apple has caused her to experience a pain in her teeth.
a cute little girl in  white colour dress biting apple and shouting
this men drive the car and speech to economical problems
a man is driving a car while talking to a camera on the dashboard.
the guys drives fastly.
a man is driving a fast car with leather
the person is driving a car and giving a review about the car.
a person is in a car and giving a review of his car while he drives down the road.
a man is driving a 458 spider car while describing why it is the best car he has ever driven, although there a few faults with it.
a guy driving a car talking about what he hates about the car
man driving guy talking.
a person is driving a car while explaining about how he felt about the car, which is 458 spider.
there's a paw patrol model made of playdoe and other colors of playdoe behind.
a person rolling out purple play doh  in order to make roses.
someone is rolling out purple playdoh with a little plastic purple roller in front of 6 different colored jars of playdoh.
a woman wearing pale pink fingernail polish rolls out pink play-doh with a purple and green mini rolling pin.
play dough tutorial to make roses using purple play dough
a woman is flattening purple play do with a rolling pin.
making sky from puppy pals a playdough cake.
a woman rolls out purple and pink play doh
a woman explains how to make a creative piece using playdoh by rolling purple playdoh flat.
a woman rolls out purple and pink play-doh with a purple and green rolling pin.
a man inside the shoe store wearing bright colored clothes and a face mask tries to select a shoe pair by trying it on.
a guy dressed in red, white and blue in a shoe store trying on shoes with another guy
few people trying different pair of shoes in a shoe store.
one friend waits while another friend tries on a shoe in a shoe store
people are wearing mask inside a shoe shop when they buy the shoes
a boy with mask on his face is in a shoes shop, trying some new shoes to get fit in his feet and another boy is helping him to find the best pair of shoes
a men sit and insert a shoe to his foot in the shoe shop
a boy with white and blue dress tries new shoe in shoe shop with his friend
two men are in a shoe store, one man wearing a blue and white hoodie is trying on shoes. both men are wearing facemasks.
a man who is wearing multi color dress is wearing a shoe and checking whether it fits for him. other men who are wearing black color dress are checking the shoes.
a nervous blonde woman talks to a man
a female is shouting on a man by saying some words and she wore a pink bathrobe
some girl is shouting on the stage and people are enjoying the song
excerpt from the play - screaming actress with long white hair
a woman with blond hair and a red and white dress is speaking very loudly in a dark room where she can barely be seen.
an angry blonde woman is yelling towards a man, who ignores her
a woman with white hair wearing red dress is speaking to a man
a woman very dramatically giving her point of view on an issue.
a representation of an actress.
a woman with pyjama dress is talking to a man
the 5-years transformation of a popular actor is shown in a before-after format.
two compairon images show a man from 2014 and then again in 2019.
photo of two guys - one from 2011, the second one from 2019
two images are post in photo app
there is a picture of two men's appearance in the year of 2014 and 2019
a comparison of a man with a photo of when he was young and next to him a little older.
a man named ray is being compared in a picture from 2014 to 2019.
pictures of a man named ray in the year 2014 then in the year 2019 are being displayed.
a before and now appearance video of a man
picture showing the different look of one individual from separate years.
a music program with guthar were played by a musician.
the person wearing black dress is sitting on the stage with a guitar and playing it.
a person playing the guitar and singing on the stage
a man with black shirt playing guitar and crowd applauding
a guitarist is performing on the stage
a boy is playing guitar, giving a stage performance and everybody in the audience is admiring him in a cheerful way
in front of a large crowd, a person plays guitar where he gets a massive number of applause and cheers from the audience.
man playing guitar at a music concert and the audience applauding in the background.
a person playing the guitar on a stage infront of an audience.
a long-haired man playing the guitar for a large audience
a pop singer says some words to the audience
person is doing stand up comedy and the audians are laughing
a man with red and white stripes t-shirt speaking in a mike at a show.
in this video we can see a man speaking in a comedy show
a guy in stripes shirt and cap is addressing crowd
a man with red striped t shirt is addressing the audience on stage.
a person in a striped sweater telling a joke and making others laugh
a man with red and white t-shirt talking over the mic standing on the stage.
a man wearing striped t-shirt and blue cap stands on the stage to cheer up the audience with his funny words.
man speaking into microphone and people applauding
a jedi fight from the star wars movie
section of a film where should exchange of shots among characters
stormtrooper getting shot in a star wars movie from the past.
a man in a spacesuit is beamed with light, and a man dressed as darth vader appears when a woman shoots a light beam at him.
a man shoots at the enemy with his laser gun but stops him with his sword
the monster shoots the white robot and put the lady's bullet in mid air.
a low budget star wars based scene occurs.
a scene with some characters from the movie star wars.
it is a action sequence from a star war with light sabers and lasser gun
a girl is fighting with a devil with her laser gun at night.
a mesocyclone is formed and reigns visible over a highway.
the video of cyclone disaster before its comes and accomplish the weather.
shooting sunset with massive clouds in the sky
large black smoke from the burning of fire is polluting the environment
clouds are moving on the sky in a rainy day
a huge cyclone is forming in the sky with thunderstorm and a person is reporting it.
a tornado is approaching the ground on the horizon of an open field with lightning storm
the person capture cloudy season by using camera
clouds being pulled into a vortex with strong winds and lightning, with background commentary about cyclone formation.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
there is an aircraft landing on the ship.
an aircraft slowly but steadily lands on an aircraft carrier.
the plane landed on the on the ship on the water.
an animated video appears o a plane landing on the ground.
an aircraft makes a safe, but bumpy, lading on an aircraft carrier at sea.
this is a nice plane that is getting looked at and reviewed
a plane landing on a ship
a jet lands on a ship deck
a jet with a flashing red light lands on a strip.
a grey fighter jet lands roughly atop an aircraft carrier at sea.
tv  report with men in suits and medical masks
a news story of orthodox jews in the street wearing face masks and gloves.
number of the people in black suit standing and talking with each other
holidaay special restrictions ignored for welcome to all ready the force.
there is man clapping welcomes an another person
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
orthodox priest is talking with church members with black dress
people gathered in a holiday spot by wearing mask on their face
the peoples hand clapping for welcome to the guest
a news report shows how in israel citizens are ignoring the holiday restrictions in effect.
the male in the orange pants with high heels showed the class how to strut down a runway
a fashion show. men wearing high heels are posing for the camera, with other models waiting in the background for their turns.
girl is performing dance in the studio and few her dancer is also standing there
a male dancer mimicking a female dance steps.
fashion show on the stage having  in many persons
a young boy is doing cat walk in high heels on the ramp
a man in a black shirt and orange pants walks a runway swaying his hips in an exaggerated fashion.
its going on fashion show. a man walk on stage with ramp walk.
in a studio, some person and some women, one person in black tshirt and orange track pant doing catwalk.
a man showing to a group of people how they should walk
a person is seen keeping grocery items in a red basket at seiyu, tokyo, japan. while outside this supermarket people are seen coming out the store and going inside.
a scene of japanese supermarket and a man showing his cart.
a super market with may customers and someone is putting things in basket and takes it away.
a man is shopping veg tables food in trolley  in supermarket
with a cart shopping at a tokyo market in japan
someone walking to the market to make purchases
a grocery store in japan called, seiyu a man is putting meat in his red hand held cart.
a shop in tokyo japan is being featured on tv.
a man going grocery shopping in a japanese supermarket
a person puts a piece of a wrapped meat in a supermarket basket, then the entrance to the supermarket is shown.
the honey comb has about five to six little bees swarming in the honey comb.
there are 3 to 4 worms moving  and man is talking about them from behind
there are a bunch of bumble bees and they are buzzing around.
its a honey comb and bees are surrounding on it.
multiple female worker honey bees in a hive
a guy is showing honeybees in their nest.
the honey bees are moving around the hives and cleaning their mouth.
a man in the background explaining about how the honey bee stores their food in their bee hives
bees within a hive are moving across the honeycomb.
an honey bee's life
a large view of a city is shown and then a boat is shown afterwards
tourists are riding a boat on the coast
a commentary about a tourist attraction of landscapes
various people riding a cruise ship.
an aerial view of water and lands turns into passengers on a boat looking at the water.
learn to have fun and advanetures on your next cruise vaction.
there is a video talking about some country
the people are all standing on the boat together.
a cruise line video featuring an exotic location of tropical islands
a man is introducing an important cruise stop for tourists.
there is a women in white top and a person with black mask trying to catch a women.
a person wearing a huge dress and face mask , holding a glowing sword and approaching to grab a girls neck.
a man in a black cape wearing a mask and gloves is approaching a  frightened young woman. she backs away from him as he slowly tries to grab her neck.  in his right hand he holds a lightsaber
trailer - character in black and mask comes to a frightened girl in white
a man wearing black dress is threatening the girl in the white dress
a man dressed all in black and covering his face with a mask goes towards a woman in a white t-shirt to hang her
reanactment of starwars fans playing outside
someone is looking at a movie with a guy and girl.
white woman with black hair and blonde highlights on her back wearing a white blouse and black skirt in front of her a man dressed all in black and masked with his hand raised going towards the woman and around several trees and some walls
fragment from a movie with the very scared young girl and another hero in total black including mask
an animated movie is being shown that has animals in it.
in a cartoon three dogs give a mountain of stone
a seen of three dogs from a cartoon movie.
sentence 1: in a cartoon channel, a dog searches another dog
animated dogs walks and climbs down a dark mountain.
a orange fox, followed by a clumsy white and brown dog and a big black one are climbing down the rocks
one dog is falling down the other dog is feeling to help to come out
two dogs coming down a mountain, the one in front looks very tired and sad.
brown dog start barging and move on the hills.
cartoon of dog walking down rocky clumsy and scared
the female is fighting with two persons and leaving the place.
a lady is talking with a man very rudely
an older woman apparently has an argument with a young man and a young woman in a home
george lopez show with his mom making a joke.
a family is discussing in the house and a woman is leaving
a comedy scene between three members and a old lady looking tensed and said it between me and me
that girl angry with her parents and go take a bag then went outside of the room
the person is going to the speed running. the man is disappointed.
a old lady speaks with a man and a woman something harshly and gets out from the house
a woman dressed in black leaves the house to talk to her husband
blonde woman thinking about an old outfit that looks great on her
a girl looking his red jacket and thinks whether it will suits her from imagination
a blonde girl is holding a large red sweater she would like to try on
a quirky woman wearing a yellow top laments wearing an unflattering red hoodie, which she holds in her hands while looking at dismayingly.
a woman is thinking about how can feel with a red jacket
a woman in yellow tank top hate long jackets
a girl talking to herself while trying different clothes.
a young lady with yellow top imagining her in the red sweat
a lady wearing a yellow dress and standing up with a red dress in her hand and thinking that would be unflattering if she wears it.
a woman in yellow imagines herself wearing a giant sweatshirt.
a man hits a small shovel into the icy snow below him.
two men are laying in the snow holding guns as one man walks up to them with a gun and lays down.
three soldiers are shown in a trench. there is snow on the ground and it appears very cold.
three soldiers in a hole dug into the frozen winter snow panic.
a person is ducking out in a really snowy area and they seemed panicked.
three men in a snowy trench during a battle at wartime.
what looks to be like two military men dressed in winter clothing are joined by a third military man while bunkered down.
there some guys with guns and another digging the ice.
soldiers are taking cover in a trench and preparing their weapons.
a military persons are working in the snow forest
a little girl and a little boy are playing on the beach in the summer.
two children are making fish and playing near the seashore.
the kids playing beach side and creating some toy.
a little girl and a boy are playing on the beach.
two kids are busy playing with their toys in the beach side
the two kids wearing a red dress are playing in the beach with fish shaped toy.
a young boy an girl play with a plastic shovel on a sandy beach by the sea.
two children, a boy and a girl in red dresses are playing in the beach with toys.
the two children are playing the sea.
a young boy and girl playing on a nice beach
a video shows a little about the sabrina film, very good
three women are chatting and start to have some food
women talking to each other while having breakfast
three ladies talking with each other in dining hall having breakfast
a woman is talking to two people in the dining room.  they are eating breakfast.
a woman entering a room, grabbing an orange juice and seating at the table while asking two other people about something happening last night
three girls at their dining table having their juices.
three young ladies having a party together in their home
three women are talking to each other in dinning hall and one lady serve food for them.
three women, at a table with candles, are having a conversation.
a person doing tricks with a stakeboard that has the shape of a axe.
a man is practicing stake boarding on the road
there is a skateboarder doing a trick and not liking it
a man in blue jeans and a white t-shirt is performing a trick on a modified skateboard.
guy in white shirt doing stunts on skating slate.
minimalistic skateboard almost hits skateboard expert at the danger zone as result of flawed trick execution.
a young man tries to do a maneuver on a skateboard but it didn't work.
a man attempts to do a trick on a skateboard, stumbles and breaks the skateboard, and then blames the skateboard for his failed attempt.
a man fiddles about with a makeshift skateboard on a pathway.
footage of a man trying to do a trick with a skateboard outdoors on a path.
a man is discussing about the drink and tests it
a man is explaining about the drink and drunk it
this man is showing you a drink.
this man is showing us how to make some good drink.
a man behind a bar dressed in red and blue is drinking an orange cocktail
a man with a juice glass in his hand is telling about the drink and enjoying the drink
a man with dark, chubby hair teaching how to make a drink
the person is tasting the drink in the video.
a man holding a glass tastes the drink.
there is a man in red and black checked colour dress drinking juice
a man and woman talk to a boy in a super hero costume.
nice to see a group is talking and acting, the animated clip was well made.
the cartoon shows three persons talking seriously
parents talking to their child while playing
two people are talking to cartoon hero character.
in video is animated cartoon taking with a men and woman
super hero and two other thanking him for saving them
a women and a men speaking infront of a boy
childrens enjoying the video and parents discuss about her son.
two cartoon characters, a man and a woman, are thanking the third cartoon character for stopping the rocket and freeing everyone.
the bird is flying and a woman with black dress from a movie.
an eagle flying with the saying, its now time to find out the truth.
a trailer of a movie is played and castle appeared on the video
a vampire is there and the crow is flying from the clock tower .
in the snow witch & huntsman trailer,a crow came out from the horrible castle and there is a woman in dark forest who is look alike a witch
a crow is flying out of a castle and goes to a woman dressed in black with horns.
a horror movie introduction and there flying a bird from an old building to the sky.
a bird flying from the building
video shows eagle flying out of a castle with a statement now find the truth
it is a scene from the movie called maleficient and we see a person going  into the forest
there is a basketball game between a red team and white team.
basket ball match between white and red color team where red team made a point.
basketball game with players playing the game
the basket players are trying to shoot the ball and one player shoots it.
players are playing basketball in the court
a man in a coat commentating a highlight where lebron james dunks on aplayer
some guys are  playing basketball and one guy shooting the ball on the basket
team with white outfit and team with red outfit are playing basketball game.
lebron james scores a basketball over jason terry during a basketball game in an indoor court.
in the basket ball game the red team has scored a point with more difficulties
a talk show about a story written by peter craig and joe carnahan.
movie critic talking about his ideas of the movie while showing frame by frame of the movie that consists in a shot from a road of the city with around five cars one of them being a police car
a street with buildings next to it, five cars and two motorbikes, some pedestrian on the sidewalk.
vehicles walking on a street with buildings around
a man cometing of how bad a movie is
cinemasins criticizing a movie about the lack of attention of the bypassers in the scene.
a road where cars are moving and a person is explaining  about them
there are many vehicles moving on the road
multiple cars and motorcycles travelling through a city street lined by buildings with green awnings.
crackers burst into the sky and there is big noise
a movie sins video, counting the sins of a film--the scene shows an actress talking to an actor.
a woman dressed in a red shirt is sitting on the couch and talking.
this is an excerpt from a recording about a mass murderer.
a voice is describing a cut-scene where an intrigued woman is uttering some words to a man in a vintage house
a female is talking while siting on a couch while her words are shown on the bottom of the screen.
a girl is talking with a boy in the house
excerpt from a movie with a woman talking
a scene with a white woman talking to a white man from a movie or series being commented on.
a lady with brown hair wearing a red dress is speaking to someone
he's commenting on a movie.
a video of a cat with a red and green scarf and the cat starts to sing.
an animated blue and white animal with a striped scarf on is lip syncing to the song all i want for christmas.
a blue and white cartoon cat with a red and green scarf sings.
an blue animated cat sings a christmas song as music begins to play.
cat singing christmas songs on june 8th of 2020.
some one watching a cartoon singing on tv.
a blue and white cat wearing a green and red shirt sings a christmas song in whitney houston's voice.
the animated figure is positioned in the room by itself.
a talking blue cat talks a lot and is making a nice statement
a blue and white kitten wearing a green and red scarf begins to sing about christmas.
three actresses sing into a microphone wearing white costumes.
the group of women are standing together and talking.
1 man dressed as a women and 2 woman on stage, in maids clothes and ruffled hats.
three women dressed as peasants perform a musical play.
a clip of a musical where three female characters are singing a song.
there is a trio of three people singing and enjoying what they are doing
three women are on a stage with white clothes talking.
three characters in a musical sing about another character in a critical way.
three women dressed in blue are taking turns singing lines of a song.
there are three women dressed  in white singing a song
a woman is breathing hard while giving birth to a baby.
a women is in labor pain and his husband after the delivery is holding their baby in his hand
it scene from a movie where the heroine is crying and expressing her feeling
a woman is giving birth. the camera turns to black, and the child is shown. easy.
a woman in a white  dress breathes rapidly before the scene fades to an old man, also wearing white,  holding a newborn baby.
a woman is giving painful birth to the baby who is received by its father.
a woman is giving birth, she's in pain, and then the baby is held up.
woman struggling to give birth to a baby, then man holds the newborn
a woman is huffing and puffing in pain and then there is a baby child that is raised.
a lady giving birth to a child, new born baby is healthy.
famous character mr. bean walks backward and bumps into a pool ladder at the community pool while wearing an orange, yellow and green swimming shorts..
a man named mr. bean appears in a bathing suit in a swimming pool and looks confused.
mr. bean walking around a swimming pool and watching others.
mr bean clip walking by the side of a swimming pool.
mr bean was being funny at the public swimming pool.
a person afraid to jump into the pool with laughters in the background.
mr.bean is ready to jump in to the swimming pool and looking at guys playing in it.
one can jump into the swimming pool and leave
in the indoor swimming pool many people playing with ball and mr.bean came and look for it.
four people are playing with a ball inside a swimming pool
a man taking the paper off the old floor with an instrument suitable for this activity
a man sucks up the floor furnishing
there is a man who is taking a stick and breaking up the floor underneath him.
the person with grey t-shirt is removing the wooden floor.
old man removing the floor tiles in her house
a person showing how to remove the floor of a house.
a person removing the floor sheets with screw driver
a man is using a crowbar to break up the floor tiles in the hallway.
a guy with grey top and jeans on is kneeing and scrap the lamination of the floor off.
a man removing the floor mat very hard by putting all his efforts using a rod .
two mens are fastly cleaning the house with a mop
two male are cleaning the dining table
a man is mopping the floor and table and sits in a chair and the other person runs out of the door.
two men are cleaning the room before a woman walks in.
two men are cleaning out a room before the females arrive home.
two guys were cleaning the table at a rapid speed then a lady popped in.
the two people cleaning the home and some one is coming.
two men are performing hasty cleaning work before the arrival of two women.
two men in a kitchen clean and mop as an audience laughs off camera.
two funny people are busy cleaning a room
a women and boy are standing in room and singing the song using mouth and eyes.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
the lady stands up in front of a young boy and sings while her eyes starts to become mouths.
show dream busters with a teacher and teen-pupil
a woman stands before a stunned boy with strange eyes and singing jingles in a funny way.
a scene from a tv programme dream busters.
there is a woman and a boy, the woman is singing and her eyes are rolling
a woman and boy are singing a song at a school.
a series that shows that good always wins and evil never prevails
a woman with mouths for eyes talks to a young boy in school
introducing the type of cufa.
it is a hand sink explained by a man in a program of bricolage
a box in white color is shown on table
a person is explaining about some object
a bone white double sink on a marble countertop, describing its features and weight
we can see a somewhat strange accessory or kitchen object
basin of a sink divided into two spaces
a china sink attached to a marble countertop then appears a white man in a striped shirt
porcelain sink divided in two for couples living together.
a porcelain sink is set into place while a man describes how heavy and expensive it is.
a voice is speaking while the view portrays some type of green and yellow vehicles.
number of auto rickshaw's parked in a line
there is a line of cars that are green and yellow that show up in a line
pictures of a mode of transport in asian countries that has no doors and would move while being pedaled.
several mini motorcycles lined up
a series of colorful vehicles being displayed with a woman speaking in the background
a line of tricycle parked and ready for use.
multiple green and yellow transportation systems sit next to each other.
there is a line of green and yellow autorikshaws while a voiceover explains social distancing norms.
green and yellow color autos there. that autos stand in orderly
a sliced club sandwich and french fries on a white plate displaying the ingredients needed to make the sandwich.
a club sandwich cut into four triangular pieces atop a plate of french fries.
double decker sandwich with all the required ingredients to make it.
some one is explaining about the dish and subtitles are playing
in this video we can see a sandwhich with fries
four snacks around a white plate with a portion of potato
several very stuffed sandwiches accompanied by french fries
club sandwich with 4 slices and fried potatoes on white plate and black table, along with the recipe
some classic sandwiches with some green lettuce and french fries in the white dish.
a club sandwich cut into four pieces on a white square plate with a pile of chips in the middle.
four men are performing on the stage of a hall with crowded people
four persons ready for a dance infront of the audience
four men in black coat and suit raised their hands by holding one another in front of big crowd
a concert of large audience and four guys with black suits standing on it.
there is an auditorium ,in that stage four men standing and there is a moon in the sky
the four persons in black suit on the stage are appreciated by the crowd.
four men dressed in black stand in front of a crowd in an open theatre with a full moon.
audience applauding four performers during a stage show.
four men at a concert take applause from a huge crowd at the collesium in rome
4 person presenting their performance on stage
a man stands in front of a vehicle in a showroom and talks about how it is the only one in existence.
a man in a green tshirt and a grey cap talking about a car.
a person in green tshirt and white cap is explaining about an old car and its features
a man with beard wearing green t shirt is explaining about the jeep
a man in green shirt is speaking in front of a yellow car.
a man is describing a car that why it is better.
a man in a green shirt describes the characteristics of a beije jeep
the person with green t-shirt and a cap is talking about the car.
a man in a lime green t-shirt talks about a lamborghini offroad vehicle.
.a guy with yellow tee shirt represent the last lamborghini car from a specific model
a red bus walks by a bridge, kids are inside the bus.
a red bus drives across the bridge. various kids and animals are on board.
a red cartoon  bus  full of passengers is going over the bridge.
a singing child and a bus traveling with children
animation of a bus full of children going somewhere.
a red bus is moving on the road with a background music in a animation video
a bus rides on the road
a red bus with lots of animals inside is crossing a bridge.
opening song to an educational cartoon with a big red bus
red bus is crossing a bridge on the road.two person were sitting inside the bus
two people are in the tennis shoe store speaking about tennis shoes.
there is a man and a woman standing in front of a big shelf full of sneakers.
a woman is checking the material of a shoe in a showroom.
a woman and a guy in a shoe store talking.
a woman with long, blue hair is talking to a man infront of a wall of sports shoes.
a lady and a gentleman are discussing about the shoe in a shoe store
two people talking in a store with many sneakers on the wall in the background
the shoes shop and various designs and latest fashion.
in a shoe showroom a girl asking about the shoes
a girl in a big white coat and a guy in a grey hoodie are showing different sneackers
a black dog makes strange barking noises as the woman holding it laughs.
a dog is barking and growling hysterically while the girl is trying not to laugh.
a person holds a black dog that barks strangely, making the person laugh.
a women laughs as she holds a barking dog.
the man is sitting in the room holding onto the dog.
there is a dog who is making a bunch of weird random noise.
girl holding black dog and he is yapping non stop and she is laughing
a lady is holding a black dog and the dog id screeching and talking constantly, the lady is laughing and covering her mouth.
a woman holding a small black dog while it barks at something off camera.
she is having fun and playing with her dog.
the man paint in the drawing.the white paper on the up.
a person colors an item by mixing colors in a cup.
a person mixing the colour tubes and drawing the paintings
a man narrates himself making a painting
a man is mixing the colors with the help of a brush
a time lapse painting project is explained by a male narrator.
one guy is explaining how to get new colour missing different colours
a man is talking and working on an art project.
a person is putting different paint colors on a sheet then mixing them together.
a yellow painted picture and a man mixing paints with the brush
online video call is going on and they are discussing about cyclone
there is a white man who is talking to another person on a news report.
a person is speaking on screen during a news report.
an interview between a male wearing suit and a female with long black hair.
sentence 1: in a news channel, news reader asks about cyclone to another lady with white dressing in a video conference
a man wearing a black suit listens as a guest on the show speaks.
a man interviewing a woman via the internet.
news anchor and news reporter talking to each others
a man and a woman speak to each other through video chat.
journalist in suit talks to video conference with a woman
a lady with pink dress, in a interview tells about her email id.
this video contains a girl in pink with some makeup are talking about something
a girl in pink dress is speaking and holding phone in hands
a woman named mandee rogers wearing a strange pink outfit makes introduction of her.
a blond girl dressed up like a princess with a mask
a disney princess with a carnival mask, sitting on a bench and fiddling with her cell phone
a middle age lady is wearing a pink fairy dress with a cone hat and a cell phone in her hand.
fantasized woman with purple clothes
one girl with full pink colour dress is telling her website
a girl in her pink princesses dress introducing herself as princess mandee and giving her twitter account.
an image of the face of a man and the name johnny zoo and then the image of a small automatic weapon, wet to music.
drawing of a man's face and then drawing of a gun.
slideshow of man and girl
visual to the some person face, and visual to the gun thats it.
oriental man, and a machine gun type weapon.
an closeup of man's head and an old gun was displayed.
a picture of a hand drawn gun on a white piece of paper
face of a man was shown with the name jhonny zoo and a gun was displayed to show it like a detective work.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a character face appears on a white background followed by a drawing of a gun.
a person is putting the mixture in a cake form
a person's hand making a chocolate cake in the initial process.
person making chocolate cake with colorful dyes in the dough.
a person is making a nice sweet cake with so many colours.
a person tries to make a sweet with gloves on.
someone is making bundt cake
video of making a chocolate muffin to the music
a person mixing cream to prepare some sweet
a demonstration video of making a cake or some sort of dessert.
a person is preparing a recipe that looks like a chocolate dessert.
a fishing boat at the mercy of stormy waves
a ship is going into the sea and is floating up due to water fla
ship at sea going through a strong storm
deep sea big water waves splashing in the front side of the ship sailing
a large ship is moving in sea in severe weather condition
a boat cruises in a heavy storm with heavy winds and rain.
ship on the high seas being punished with huge waves.
a ship is travelling through violent sea in a rain.
there is a submerged ship and a beep noise on the blue sea
ship bouncing up and down in stormy sea waves.
a person is biking on a track and the person is wearing a helmet and a very tight suit.
in cycle race two boys are cycling one by one very fastly in black tshirt
two bicyclists are driving bicycles on the road.
a man in black is riding a bicycle on the road.
two men wearing protective gear at a bike competition on the streets of a city.
two men are competing in a bicycle race
commenting on the bicycle championship.
two men playing sport with bikes on a large track
two men dressed in black spandex are racing against each other on bicycles
some guy is doing a cycling race on the ground
man hitting a football off a tea throuth the uprights of a goalpost.
people on a field playing baiseball and having fun
man hits ball with baseball bat on soccer field
a guy hits a rugby ball with a baseball bat.
a hits something into the air with a baseball bat.
making a baseball move on the field where he plays football.
a guy with a cap is hitting the ball very hard by his bat
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
a guy with grey top and hat is hit a baseball with a bat on the pitch.
the man is playing a base ball.
a man is giving an interview and describing his job.
a man in blue shirt and pink suspenders with a cap of blue and pink dancing in a park
a person enjoy to did dance
a man in a hat and suspenders dances on grass while music plays
the video shows a man in a blue shirt, beret and suspenders jumping in a green field
a person dancing in the grass
a man dancing in a green field.
man wearing eyeglasses and colorful hat walks and jumps across the green grass and stops in front of a yellow sign with the letter d
some kid are watching a video of abc.
a man in blue dress dancing on the green grass
a cruise ship  tipped off the iceberg and fell into the atlantic ocean.
the titanic ship is sinking in the middle of a ocean.
a man and a woman are leaning over the bow of the titanic as it sinks into the ocean.
the titanic tragedy occur in the sea
the visual of titanic ship sinking from titanic movie
two persons are inside in titanic ship and see to the water length
the cruise  is sinking in the sea and to persons are trying to save themselves from sinking.
a male voice describing an event of sinking a ship.
a man and a women standing in the tip of the ship which is going in the ocean
passengers and crew of a ship enering the ice cold waters of what seems to be the atlantic ocean.
the gear of some kind of machine is rotating.
a man is describing what seems to be a part of a car engine.
a durable metal machine with many parts turns round.
an axle is moving while a voice explains what's happening.
there is a cool rotating gig that is nice and fun to look at
strange metal contraption rolls around its axis, with narrator explaining the benefits of the material the contraption is made of.
the tooth like rods in roller machine touch one another and grill.
metal gears spining while a man talks about it.
person narrating the use of some machinery
a large machine is running with no one around
it is a scene from a star trek  and they are talking about  science stuff
two people hugo and start looking at one another, they are a old man and a woman
a gentleman and a lady dressed in space suits talk and then hug.
a man and a women hug, then walk off down a corridor
the two persons wearing red dress are hugging and talking with each other.
an older man and woman in red star trek uniforms hug each other and walk out of the room.
a guy with red suit and lady with red clothes are hugging each other.
an old woman hugged an old man talking to him
fragment from the space fiction movie with the meeting of an old woman and old man in the same clothes
a men and women hugging before take an attempt
a man inside a garage showing his red motorcycle.
a man talking and explaining the features of a bike
a young man is showing his red motocycle
a white bearded man wearing a jacket showing a small red motorcycle in his garage.
the person wearing jerkin was switching on the light and placing the camera towards the bike
man wearing a sweatshirt filming the ceiling and a red motorcycle.
a man is moving in his shed and showing his red bike
a man explains about his bike with selfie camera and enjoys his explanation
a man in a shed is showing his red bike
a guy showing his red colored sports bike in his garage.
sentence 1: a lady with white dressing have some pain she share with his partner with green dressing
a couple at the front with a third person smoking on the background
there are three people in a hospital setting.  one appears to be very sick.
a couple rubbing and hugging on each other with a lady walking by in the background the couple seems worried.
a woman is sick while a boy comes to the rescue, in the background there is another woman smoking!
a scene between a man with a woman and another woman smoking.
one woman feeling sick while one man tries to calm her down and the other one smokes
a woman being emotional and talking to a man.
a man is sympathetic to a woman and another woman is behind
short-haired woman talks to a man who asks another woman to leave
a animated video of dinasore where it moving on ground
the diyanosar is walking in the garden
there is a big plated dinosuar that is walking around on grass slowly.
an animated dinosaur escapes from were he was  confined.
video dinosaur walking on the grass
large dinosaur being let out of a cage into a large grassy field.
a huge reptile is seen walking around in grass
went out the dinosaur  walk on the big grass land.
an dinosaur like animal opened the gate and slowly walked on grass meadows.
a cgi dinosaur walks around slugishly inside and enclosure.
interviewing a police officer after an approach.
scenes of cars on a road before an interview with a member of the local police
one man is speaking and on the road cars and trucks are there
a man talks about a policeman that died as a car accident is shown.
a man with whiteish hair is giving an interview about some type of incident.
a police officer is explaining the incident.
presentation of news where a cop is explaining to the media
the chife of police is giving the sad news of lose of one of there best trooperes.
there is a car accident on an expressway with men in reflective coats standing in the lanes.
a police officer gives an interview to a television program about someone's death.
a online video game being played and described by a gamer
two boys doing voice over during an animated series.
a cartoon character is standing inside a wooden cabin.
a boy plays a video game in which spongebob characters appear while broadcasting it
man having a conversation with an unidentifiable second person while playing video games
young guy in a baseball cap plays a computer game based on spongebob
a person on the top right corner is talking and playing spongebob squarepants video game
a man broadcasts a game and comments on it, in the game you can see the character spongebob and patrick.
man is video chatting to a cartoon character about its voice irritation
a young man asks questions to patrick from sponge bob square pants
cartoon toys speaking to the another toys
the nosy character of the cartoon is having some funny conversation with another one.
a pig character talks to a frog who puts a bunch of toys in a box.
a cartoon with character that looks like mrs. piggy and the turtle from sesame street.
mrs. piggy is talking to kermie and gizmo.  they are cleaning up the toys.
a cartoon with a pink pig and some other characters.
the muppet babies ms.piggy and kermit are working togehter to clean up.
a pig in pink happily speaks to her frog friend.
a personified piggy and frog cartoon characters having a conversation.
a pig with blonde hair is talking while a frog puts toys in the bath tub.
the person is slicing orange with a knife with sliced lemon kept on the chopping board.
cut the lemon sicily and both are compain.
a person slicing a lemon on a cutting board, then layering a slice of lemon with one of the nearby slices of lime.
someoneâ€™s hands are slicing a lemon into equal slices
on a chop board, someone is slicing a lemon and arranging it with lime.
chopping the lemon into slices and them put a slice of lime and lemon together.
a women with knife in a kitchen cutting lemon in slices and take two slice.
cutting lemon colorfully with ninja style ,makes cooking wonder
some one is cut the yellow lemon with knife on chap board and put one green lemon peace on the yellow lemon peace
a fruit was chopped in a great way and nice to see that.
a person holding gun. and he is wearing sleeveless t shirt and eye glass
a handgun is shown, then a man is seen holding an ak47.
very powerful gun look for this video and take the all events.
there's a black gun laying on a brown tablecloth, surrounded by bullets, and then a man with sunglasses and a black tank top who is holding an assault rifle.
a guy in glasses holds a big gun and a small gun.
how pistols and air guns were function at a moment were explined
a gun been shown and a man explains how to shoot it.
a hand pistol and bullets are in table cloth and a man checking ak 47
a handgun and some bullets kept on a brown piece of cloth
they say that the desert eagle is a hand gun that operates in the manor of the ak47
a blue haired male animal with a green scarf is being bullied by a female animal.
different animated cats are talking to each other.
an animation character with blue hair is speaking
a variety of cartoon toy speaking and actioning
a cat figured cartoon characters asking something each other.
cartoon of two cats talking, one of them throws a stone at the other, who starts to cry.
two animated characters talking to each other.
in a kids video a cat is hitting the other cat's head with a ball
a character with blue hair is being bullied by another character.
a blue and white cat tells the brown and white dog she doesn't know how to respond to that. the dog then throws something at the cat and hits her in the eye, then asks how are you going to respond to that. she cries.
the museum is part of the building of philadelphia
some people are seeing a mutter museum  calmly
four people see the mutter museum and excitement the very old props
video of a nice looking museum is shown, some men and women are walking into the nice museum.
a documentary video of mutter museum
this was a story about the mutter museum on some sort of news show.
a large building with some people inside are walking around
the narration of mutter museum is there in the conversation.
description of a museum that of the people who visit it
the wonderful museum look very nice
a house and the clear sky with clouds
the sky looks very cloudy and interesting
the picture of cloud with lightening is displayed and there is thunder sound in the background.
a beautiful rainbow in the dark sky and a truck parked on the road with some houses on the left.
a cloudy sky with a snaking tornado in the distance and a rainbow arching over a building.
rainbows appears in the rainy sky a man standing near the house
sky containing black and blue clouds and colourful rainbow.
a storm is about to break out and there is a rainbow underneath.
an open place with huge dark clouds gathered around
a parked truck, the truck has no load in the back. the passenger door is open. there are storm clouds in the sky and a rainbow.
an actress showing how her home looks after using the skin cleanser.
young woman finishing a facial skin treatment with facial tonic.
to the music, the girl puts a light cream on her face
a commercial of a lady putting on face lotion
women touching her face and nose .
how to remove pores explain in this video
a girl with white skin and short hair is putting a cream on her face
a woman is applying something on her nose and cheeks and patting it.
an young woman rubbing her face and smiling
a woman using tonic on her face to narrow the pores on her nose
female teacher with long black hair wearing a beige dress and a black belt talking to her students that are sitting on red chairs wearing a white uniform with black shorts
a woman with her back turned to the camera asks a class if hey have any questions followed by a narrator beggining to describe the school.
a female teacher presenting to a classroom of students sitting in orange chairs.
1. a grey dressing teacher in a class room teaches with rose hint paper
a foreign teacher teaching her class using a slide.
a class being taught by a teacher with long black hair and students seated on wheeled chairs around many tables
a teacher in singapore is talking in front of her class of secondary school students.
a young lady enjoying ice cream is standing at the restaurant where a lot of students are sitting at the table.
teacher in a room talking to several children
a teacher instructs school students sitting in group to make some paper crafts.
a group of girls posing for a photo
there are five females posing for a picture named 5th harmony.
a still image is shown of five women is shown.
black background with title fifth harmony then a picture of five ladies popped up.
the video showing  of five womens photo sitting together with smile on their face giving a pose to the camera
a group photo and  text are sliding
a five wome's is looking, they are pose for photo copy
the four womens with smiling face
a piece of beautiful music created by the fifth harmony.
this girls are take the picture and now a days memory t
man has closed her head with craft to explain prahna
a man in a black t-shirt wearing an easter-island totem mask argues with a fake fish.
a guy with black top and a robot head mask is sitting down and talk.
a man with black t-shirt and a mask is talking something on the camera.
a man in a grey mask is talking
a man wearing squidward's house as a costume.
that person put a mass to speak on camera.
he is saying give me a penalty and abusing .
a man putting on a robot mask talking.
a man is put with mask and he is speaking to english
display of pictures of an adult male, short curly hair, short bear and glasses
different men in glasses appear on screen with purple filters.
to show a man in flasses as various images of him come into view.
men with spectacles, being watched by a man in the insert, siting wearing white coat.
to foreing narration, a foreign celebrity is displayed, wearing glasses and suits.
in the video it shows a boy, very much telling about his life
one girl is telling about one handsome boy
he is different variety of smart looking to the visual.
a man watches some slides of another man with a woman voicing over it.
a commercial about styles of glasses to enhance your looks.
a boy in white shirt is designing a beautiful car and is doing really hard work to design the car
a man painting a sports car.
a person showing in video repairing car
techo music plays while a man kneels by a luxury car; possibly a bugatti.
a man wearing blue jean and white shirt welding the car
a white color tshirt man serving a brown color expensive car
a car is being designed in a mold.
a man sitting near a car and painting it
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is painting a brown car
a man in his garage wearing blue jeans white shirt and shoes has knelt down on his right leg to repair the front door of his lamborghini
a person in a red shirt is trying to teach people golf.
a person is trying to hit something using a bat
there is a guy who is playing a lot of golf and enjoying it
a guy is instructing on how to play golf
he is showing us how to play indoor golf.
a man in red shirt teaching how to play polo
a man in a red shirt seems to be teaching how to play golf.
a man in red t shirt with a golf stick standing inside a room tries to strike or move bulk yellow pillow
a man ired long sleeve sweater, grey trousers and white canvas shoes
man using a red shirt hitting a yellow pad with a golf stick
the man is sitting in her car doing nothing.
there is a guy in blue shirt talking about the brakes on the car.
a man in a blue shirt drives and explains functions in a car.
a person in a blue shirt is talking about stuff in his car.
a man in a blue shirt talks about the functions of a car he is in.
a guy is explaining about breaking in a car
a guy is driving a car and talking to the camera at the same time
a man in a blue polo t shirt is driving a car and speaking with his right hand which he removed from the steering wheel.
a man in blue polo teaching how to drive a car
this week on auot reviews, we review a brand new 2020 honda.
a woman wearing a blue top rubs her hands in front of a fan to remove dust.
woman cleaning her hands with wind coming from the fan
woman claps in front of the fan to clean white dust from her hands
a young woman in blue dress claps her hand near the table fan and stands away.
a women seems to be worried about something
a lady in blue t-shirt cleaning with the waves of the table fan from flour.
anna kendrick while wearing a blue shirt wipes a powder substance off her hands in front of a fan.
very attractive young woman taking the chalk off her hands in front of a large fan.
the woman is dusting her hands near the fan.
a girl is dusting something  in front of a fan
the video is mostly singing hallelujah.
a choir is singing with a cross and sky in the background.
a video advertising or announcing a production of the passion play with christian music in the background.
a song of risen christ being played with a cross on the screen
there is someone is watching a video on risen.
there is an image of a cross and in the background there is a choir singing a church song.
there is a picture of a cross that is really nice and shining
classical music plays during a video still shot of 'risen;death where is your sting?' with a cross standing on a rocky ledge.
a picture of the holy cross with classical music playing.
a choir sings a religious song.
there are three girls and one man and one girl has fully brown bushy  hair  and she wore a long frock and is discussing sone
the video reports some women getting ready for an important event
the women wearing the dress.
the girl is acting a some character so she change the new dress
a woman stands with amazing red colored hair amid some other women.
a model getting dressed with orange colored hair and nail arts.
the girl have orae hair.ng
commenting on red hair woman's design.
a woman with red hair and a flowered dress is ready for a fashion show
a lady with a long red hair looking emotional.
a man mixer batter in his kitchen by hand
a person making in cake and mixing the flour
the man in the plaid shirt is preparing a recipe for a cake
a man wearing cook dress on his red checked shirt beats something in the bowl and tells about another process in the dish.
its a baking video. a guy is mixing a liquid with a whisk in a bowl
a person mix the some liquid item by using mixing equipment
a man in a plaid shirt whisking a recipe ingredient
a man teaching a recipe and showing how to beat some eggs.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a man in the kitchen mixing some solutions
in a lego store, a lady explains with black dressing about robots and its function
a woman in a jacket discusses the lego store in the mall.
a woman in a brown outfit showing off a lego store with a huge blue robot
a female newscasters discuss popular toys.
a sight from a lego stor with a big autobot and an elicopter
a lady is speaking about the lego store in the mall.
the woman is presenting a lego exhibition.
a reporter in a lego store gestures toward, and talks about one of the models there.
a women seems to be explaining something pointing at something
a female in black coat is at lego store and is explaining  about the store showing the store
a woman with a pink pompom keychain with a clip.
a pink shower poof is dangled and squeezed by a woman's hands on a light blue surface.
some hands move key ring with a violet pompon on a blue background
keychain of a chain with a ball of pink fabric on the end
the woman spins the purple fluffy ball in one hand while touching it with the other hand.
a lady is playing with pink puff ball key ring.
a pink fluffy ball is being presented as a lockersmith
a lady showing how to make a fluffy ball key ring.
there is a woman presenting a purple key chain
a fluff ball is shown as a key ring for sale.
two young female doctors wearing lab coats are shown with one quietly telling the other that she seems to have given some people some weed cookies with an unknown amount of weed in them.
two woman are talking about cookies.
a bland hair female wearing white rob, talking to another female about cookies in a hall filled with other people.
grey's anatomy's doctor robinson is speaking with other two other doctors.
the blonde haired woman wearing a white jacket talks to a brown haired woman wearing a white jacket across a green partition.
a woman confesses to another woman that she gave drugged cookies to many people.
a blonde woman tells two other women that she gave out weed cookies.
the group of people are in the room talking to each other.
in the video two women are looking at each other and one them states that cookies have a measurable amount of wheat.
there are two women in white shirts talking to each other
a man walking a horse and doing tricks
an horse rider on a brown horse jumping a series of hurdles.
a person dressed in green rides a brown horse while jumping over obstacles
a man is riding on horse and clearing every hurdle in his way so perfectly
the beautiful brown horse and the gentleman horse rider go over the obstacle course so elegantly.
a man jumping a horse through hurdles in a show jumping
a brown horse is being rode through an opsticle course.
horse race in the playground
a man and a brown horse on an equestrian trail, jumping over obstacles.
a person with black shirt is riding a horse on a grassland.
group of young people dancing.
a group of persons are dansing toguether in a sport hall
the poeples are the dance practicing in the room
a group of people dancing to south american song.
the trainer is leading the fitness team with a line dance.
dance class in gym, with instructor, students and background music
a group of young people dancing on the floor
a group of people are doing zumba and enjoying themselves.
a group of people in a room dancing in synchronization.
a group of people is dancing.
a man is watching a tornado with his video camera.
the man is making video of the cyclone.
a man shoots how a storm blooms up in the center using a handy camera
a man with brown hair is recording a tornado that is whirling around.
a person with a green colored camera is taking vedio of a storm and giving instructions about storm
animated character using a camera to register a hurricane
a person seeing the earthquake in a sky of buyanacular
cartoon of a male holding a camera viewing a tornedo with voice of a male describing the tornedo
an animated character is watching a wind through a camera.
a person is taking snap of the cyclone vanishing in the air.
a man showing a demo to make a knot from a wire
a man makes a knot.
a person describes how to all and tighten a knot
a person is making a node with a platic rope.
man talking while making a no on a nylon thread
a man making tying a knot in some wire to form a figure eight shape..
the man was tying something together to make it stronger.
how to make a strong and resistant knot in a nylon ribbon.
a man is making a loop out of cream thread with his fingers
a person is holds 2 strings together and explaining the process.
beautiful white cat with black and brown spots meowing for something.
it is a cat in a room meowing, while a person records it
a white and black color, cat is walking in a home and trying to jump and catch something
a white cat with brown and black spots meow's several times into a camera.
a cat in video watching upon and crying
predominant white fur cat meowing to person wishing for something
a cat is looking up and mewing loudly.
a white cat is seeing up and saying meow meow
a white and black cat is meowing at it's owner.
a white cat is looking at something at the top
a person is packing clothes and other stuff in pink colored suitcase in a perfect manner
bag filled with useful things
a person is neatly packing items into a suitcase.
a person is organizing a pink suitcase perfectly
a person packing up luggage with clothes and toiletries.
someone is zipping up a luggage
in this video showing how do packing in small suitcase
a person is packing some travel necessaries in a bag
an open suitcase with someone putting some items in it and turning an inner cover
a suit case opened with clothes inside, someone continuing to pack it up.
two men talking about some parts of a computer.
two mans are trying to repair a computer. the man with glasses have more experience than his friend.
two men are discussing the parts of a computer and what they are for.
two men are discussing computers and computer parts.
two men are talking bout computer components, one is wearing a black shirt and the other a red one.
a man in red explaning something about computers to another guy in black
one man in red tshirt showing the cpu cabinet part to the other guy in black tshirt with a glass wall in the background.
two guys are explaining about ssd hard disk. one is wearing black t shirt and another is wearing red t shirt.
two men standing in front of a desk together with an open computer showing an nvme ssd hard drive
men demonstrating a device and its function.
an animated character fall down after a fight along with a sword
in a cartoon film one boy wearing maroon shirt hurt by sword
a lego movie characters doing some action in a lego movie.
a video of a dancer in a video game that might be minecraft
a video animation made for the game of minecraft.
this is children entertainment video fitting two members.
a minecraft player drops his sword and falls over.
a fight between two minecraft characters. one of these questions pushes the other that falls to the ground carrying a sword.
minecraft character falls down on a grassy plane dropping a sword.
cartoon clip showing a cartoon character falling down and getting up again
a boy and a girl sitting on grass and the girl is telling the boy that she can't leave her sister
young couple sitting on grass engaged in coversation
a man and a woman are sitting in the grass, and the woman is talking as the man listens.
a man and a woman sit near a lake and have a conversation
two young people talking in a beautiful forest
a couple in cold clothes by the lake talking in a green nature.  red and blue black clothes
a man listening to a lady while she is expressing her thoughts.
a man and women setting in the grass talking to each other.
a man and woman sit in a grassy area and talk.
a couple talk in a place full of grass and trees
a bus is running in the road and at the end two girls are talking to each other
a yellow cartoon bus dances down a road in the rain.
a yellow school bus is coming from a road and suddenly rain has come and every child inside the bus is enjoying the rain by singing a song
in the shower and beautiful music a cute bus is advancing along the road.
cartoon clipping with a yellow bus travelling in the rain on a street with light lamps
animated design of a bus with children inside on a raining and swinging street
bus is riding by cartoon and singing song
the windshield of the yellow bus swish, swish.
rain start in the city and school buses walking with some children inside
there is a school bus and then it starts raining out of nowhere.
two men meet in a prison to make a deal
special agents interview inmates who are serial killers for better understanding of the mind of criminal and to help them have a different approach towards case.
in a prison a man taken out of his cell where officer politely gives his belongings
a man in a suit visiting a man in prison with long brown hair and a large beard.
a documentary describing interviewing serial killers to understand how they think.
movie clips with scenes in prison
one person is standing and two is coming in side.
some interactions between prisoner and accused inside jail.
a netflix show with a police man is showing
one long, mustache-haired man in a presidio accompanied by a police officer
a science presentation demonstrates some equipment and some information about the world
this video has a narrator talking about what you use a microscope for.
the shape of a brain en-capsuled in space.
walking through different items that can be learned using basic science.
a need for a microscope is explained by a male voice
electronic brain running, when the map of brazil appears
a brain inside the planet earth that when zooming, several scenes appear until the representation of the technology
a man in video is talking about how to view the objects surrounding the world with the help of microscope.
there's a person who is talking about the brain that is learning lots of information.
in this video we can see a brain review and a man speaking
a man showing and talking about a gun bullet feature
a man showing bullet in his hand to camera
a man shows a bullet close to the camera
a man shows some steel part that is easy to lose, but cannot be
a man with a very short beard holds a silver colored bullet up.
a man is showing a very peculiar bullet to the camera, designed to home-in on the target.
a man holding a bullet in his fingers showing it while saying it turns it's way in flight.
a bearded man shows a tiny metal piece to the camera.
a man hold a bullet in his hand and he is talking about it
a narrator tells about the bullet which is being held by a man between his fingers and the man shows it up close to the camera.
there is a guy with blonde hair who is singing slowly into the microphone.
a boy holding a microphone is singing a nice song
a guy with blond hair is singing into a microphone.
a young man with blonde hair grabs a microphone and begins to sing.
yang man holding a microphone sings a pop song.
a man singing for the clip.
a very nice english song and music.
a singer looking at something and begins sining
a young boy with an innocent face is singing a song in mike in a very relaxing way.
a male singer holding the microphone and singing a pop song.
a guy with headphone on is playing minecraft while streaming with other players.
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner
streaming the minecraft game.
a young man playing an interactive video game
a white guy on the top left of screen is talking while playing video games
a character is moving down a stone walkway in minecraft, then opens a door.
a man moving in ther building
a video game player doing live chat while playing game.
the game character is running forward and opening the door while the streamer is talking.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a white and blue plane of a videogame is flying over a big city
a white and blue big plane in the video game above the city and a person with selfie video on the top right.
a man made a huge plane with the different material, its flies too high
a guy with black top is talking while playing an air plane flying in the sky in the game.
a youtube gaming commentator is flying an airplane in gta v
the streamer is flying a plane in a video game and is talking about it.
a react of a 3d animation video presentation of an airplane in flight over a city.
the flight flying abouve the building
the model aeroplane fly for the sky, and a man is explain
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner is playing
a man in sunglasses standing with a microphone in hand
a white man wearing blacks sunglasses is holding an object and signing into it.
a man wearing beige color dress and coolers is sing a song.
a person is singing a song by wearing glasses
a guy was singing into a microphone wearing sunglasses
boy wearing black glasses holding an object and singing
a man in sunglasses holding an abject is lip syncing a pop song
a man is singing into something that doesn't look like a microphone.
a man sings enthusiasticaly holding a pen mic and black goggles.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a music video of a man singing.
the man is singing to his girlfriend.
a boy is loved her girlfriend and feel lovely movement
a person sings a song with the boy and girl sitting and enjoying
a person is in casual mood talking to a women
a man with red shirt is singing song with girl
a musician sings to the camera and talk about how someone they know is a piece of art
clip of a romantic song
in a song album the singer in the white shirt with tie is singing a song.  the relevant picture is going on ,
a musical video of the young dude that looks spanish and on a face cap
a half moon can be seen in space. the background is completely dark.
in the darl black sky sits the quarter moon shinning bright.
there is a half moon in the night
a waxing cresent moon sits in the night sky.
a beautiful video of the crescent moon with soft music in the background
a quarter moon sits up in the sky on a dark night.
the moon out of focus and the sky is black
the waning moon in its full splendor, shining in the dark sky.
in a black night moon is giving an attractive view to its viewer's
shows a waning moon in the dark sky with some stars
the video shows the winter snow clad landscape where a man tries to aim the shooting gun on the big dog.
a man in winter clothes aiming a gun at a wolf in the forest.
shooter laying camouflage in the snow with a wolf in the mira
sniper in the snow hiding from a ferocious wolf
there is a lion in the winter snow looking at something.
a little boy is holding a gun against a wolf in a snowy woods while a man whispers.
a man hiding in the snow with a gun, hunting a wolf.
a person in snow covered woods aiming a gun at a wolf
women is hidding herselves to safe her from the wolf
the muzzle of a gun is shown while a hunter speaks a narrative.
an animated is running continuously on a path surrounded by grasses.
this dog is very enojyed to the nature place
a brown and white dog is running down the sidewalk on a pleasant day.
a dog is running in greenery in a animation video
brown and white dog has one brown ear, paw, and spotted eye is running towards the screen down a gray sidewalk. green grass is along the sides and a blue sky with one cloud lingers behind it.
a dog is running very fast on the street
a cartoon dog is running forward on a paved path.
a cartoon video showing a dog running along a path
a cartoon brown and white dog runs on a path in a garden
a dog is running in the ground
a concert with the lead singer holding the microphone to his face.
a spanish video clip from a music video featuring someone.
a pop singer presenting his song for audience
a singer on the stage and latin music in the background at a nightclub
latin show broadcast with a singer in sunglasses and dark clothes bringing a stage packed with paying people
the person is performing a live concert at an event.
the singer is singing infront of lot of audience.
a man with sunglasses sings to a crowd
a man in black t shirt entertaining on stage in front of audience by singing and playing jazz music
a man in a black t-shirt is singing a song and is holding a microphone
a parade of several men marching followed by another group of men marching on a street while classical music plays.
military parade is going in the street there are many arm force are in the parade
a military parade through the streets of a city.
a group of people march on an empty road.
a huge march fast moving around the street with all uniform.
military parade - soldiers in festive uniforms walk in rows along the street
a military formation is marching across the streets, filmed from a distance. soft piano music is heard.
72/5000 march of soldiers dressed in black a few years ago in a city.
a group of soldiers are marching on the street while others watch it
an army of sailors walk outdoors in a city
brown mushrooms growing out of a large orange paint bucket that is sitting on a porch in front of a blue house.
there are mushroom glued to a orange bucket
there are mushrooms growing on a bucket and it is nice
there are a ton of mushrooms strung together, growing on a bright orange bin.
there are a bunch of brown mushrooms that are growing around an orange bucket.
two clusters of brown mushrooms are attached to the outside of a 5-gallon orange bucket.
a large cluster  of brown mushrooms grow on the side of an orange home depot work bucket.
large, tan mushrooms grow on the sides of an orange bucket.
a large bushel of mushrooms growing from a orange bucket.
someone is looking at a video of something i don't know what.
two persons are rowing a boat in a pond and a lot of waterbirds swimming in the pond.
the film the notebook showing noah rowing his boat through the pink swans
a man riding in the boat and a birds are swimming in the water
a trailer showing a large lake with many ducks and a canoe with a couple.
a boat is passing on river with many birds around
a black title the notebook is shown followed by a voiceover that talks about the protagonists
yup, there's a real life noah and allie. nicholas spark's book is based on his ex-wife cathy's grandparents. ... that was the day nicholas heard the story of how the couple met, which later inspired the notebook.
lake full of ducks.
in a river a man diving in the river and many ducks are swimming
a man is boating  in a lake. in the same lake uncountable swans are also swimming
a person is creating geometric art of red ribbons, recording the process from a top camera view.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
someone is making a beautiful artwork with red ribbons on the paper.
a person is making red bows with cloth.
two bows are hanging in front of some type of graph.
a woman is giving thumbs up over her red bows on a cutting board in the background.
two red bows sitting on a table with hands moving around the screen occasionaly.
someone puts two red bows on a something with measurements on it.
a woman asking for others to like her video and how she likes her followers.
a lady is doing tie designs in board and explains it.
a mum and a few children are sitting together and talking together.
the two kids is playing to the home. instagram video is screen.
a selfie video of a family screaming to someone and  saying that others are gone for an evening.
a group of people are singing and talking while recording it on a mobile phone.
a woman speaking in the house with her children
there are about 4 members and they are ready to wrote something.but before they like to share this event in instagram.so they say amazing
two little girls are seating around the table one toddler girl is standing on the chair and one women is taking the picture
a mom talks to three children behind her at a table working with papers and yelling.
a woman in black is talking about her kids  and in the back three girl kids are sitting with books on table.
mother of three or four is singing into the camera with her children, then one of the child starts to shout words, with the wholehearted approval of the mother.
small tiny buildings, battery and sand space are continuously visible.
overhead view of large white objects distributed and then a hand holding the tesla battery.
a person is telling about the life of our future
a slow, aerial view of a tesla installation.
someone talking about a certain issue with batteryâ€™s
report on a famous american company and its facilities
showing the construction of a tesla factory
this place is the aaa battery extraction place.  the place is very long and we have the grain.
mineral exploration company installed in a desert area with presentation of a tesla battery.
top shot of production facilities, tesla battery
there is a big bucket of potatoes that is shown
a man in black shirt with white lining is teaching about how to cook potatoe duaphinoise
explaining about how potato chips were get ready to eat with sauce
a man is demonstrating his cooking on tv.
the chef is explaining how to make potato chips in home
first there is a pan with roasted potatoes, then it shows the cook placing a pan on the stove and picking up potatoes.
man in a plaid shirt in a kitchen talking about preparing a recipe with potatoes
jamie oliver with checked shirt is cooking in the kitchen while talking.
a man preparing food in kitchen
a person explain about how to prepare potato  chips
in this video we can see a man swimming and other one explaining how he is doing that
man doing physical exercise inside an olympic swimming pool.
its a swimming place, the man was swim to walk.
the man is standing in a place ,but it looks like he swims in the water in the swimming pool
a pure and clean water swimming pool with some red separates and a man in the pool showing some demo to swim.
there is a man who is walking in place in the water of a swimming area.
a person is moving his legs in a pool, in an effort to stay above water surface.
a person doing some actions in a swimming pool
there is a guy swimming in the water for a long time
a male swimmer is doing scissor kicks in the pool to warm up.
a person is driving a car at a speed of 62
the person is holding onto the steering wheel driving the car.
a driver films their drive on a narrow road.
the person is driving while turning the curves.
recorded from the driver's perspective, a man drives his honda down a winding road.
the man drove through the country road that had only a few houses on it and a lot of open fields.
a person speeds by red and orange houses and drives toward a cluster of green trees.
a car moving with a high speed in an open road
a persons hands grip opposing sides of a steering wheel on a drive down a house and grass lined street, the mpg on the dash shows 42.
two hands are on a steering wheel driving down a winding back road.
audience having a lot of fun during an interview on a talk show
a man with i pad is talking to a woman laughing
two person is pose for the selfie in apple ipad.
a woman shows a program host footage on the tablet.
the girl is saying the she is great
selena gomez is in the jimmy fallon night show
a male and a female are sitting and watching the ipad and talking in a tv show.
a men and women sitting and talking about a funny events
girl being interviewed by a journalist
a man takes a selfi picture during the media interview.
a man in yellow and woman in black mix eggs in a silver mixing machine in a kitchen.
there are two people who look like they are cooking something
two young adults are in the kitchen cooking, using a kitchen aide to mix.
a man and a woman are in a kitchen putting ingredients in an electric mixer
an electric whisk is mixing a liquid and a man pours a substance into the container
mixing jar mixing ingredients and girl given with some ingredients in person and filling the mixing jar
tow women are mixing a cake mixing cake batter.
two bakers, a mand and a woman, are pouring egg whites into a stand up mixer.
a couple cooks, adding sugar syrup to the blender.
a blender is blending ingredients. then a woman is shown, handing the blender to the chef.
kids are singing and dancing in open place
some kids are standing near the table and dancing
seven kids standing around the round table are singing a song.
the children are singing a song.
eight little kids in colorful dresses performs to a magical kids rhyme.
a group of small kids is enjoying a rhyme
seven children standing on a patio singing a song.
seven children around a round table singing a children's song.
there are cute cute childrens standing in round position around the round table and singing rhymes loudly.
a bunch of kids are gathered together singing a song.
a person violein playing other girl dancing
the lady is doing balle dance and the man is playing violin.
two people showing their performance on the stage
a person is playing the cello and there is a person in white dress that is dancing.
as the man plays the violin, the ballerina twirls to the music.
a man playing a instrument and a lady dancing bale dance
a man is playing on an instrument and a waman is dancing the ballet
a young boy is playing violin and the girl is dancing bale for his tune
a boy in black suit, sitting on a chair is playing violin and a girl in white frock is doing ballet dance on his music
man playing some instrument and a girl dancing around him
the person opens the door of a car and lets the dog out.
a man wearing hat opens the car door and let the dog come out.
a guy with black top and cap is opening the door of the car to let the dog out.
a man opened the car door and a dog came out from the car
a police official at a crime scene with his police car and police dog.
one opens the dog last inside the car and comes out Â 
a man opens up the door on a truck, and a dog jumps off the seat.
a person opening the car and come to the dog outside
the man was open the door and then the dog was stepped out the car
the fbi is opining a truck door with the dog.
cutting a piece of meat out of several that is apparently quite appetizing.
video of slicing freshly fried steak with disposable plastic cutlery
a person cutting a cake with a knife and a fork
someone cut the cake piece & holding in fork to show how it looks
a restaurant owner showing recipe of barbecue.
video showing a man cutting a large steak with a knife and fork.
a person is slicing meat.
someone cuts a piece of steak and subtitles tell us who brought the steak to new york city
the video showing presentation of the food  and it look delicious
barbecue beef steak serving in a plate looks delicious
jordan belfort dressed in white being interviewed in an audio studio
man wearing white shirt sitting on a chair speaks into the microphone in a radio studio
this is a radio, there is a man being interviewed and he speaks into the microphone
a man and a woman are sitting in a room with microphones on the table, and the man is talking.
a professional salesman giving advice on sales via a radio talk show.
a guest wearing a white shirt on a radio show gives sales advice, urging people to sell good things to people to help them.
a man with a white shirt is talking in front of a microphone
the man is showing how to sale people the right product.
man arguing that sales should not be sold if the product is not worth it.
one man and woman talking to each other
a person with similarities to a fish talks to others.
a man in scaly cheeks and long blonde hair and colourful clothes is speaking to other people.
a man having colored face is speaking to the people around him
scene from a funny movie with alien.
a woman in a monster mask talking to people and drinking wine
a person in coloured dress and spiky hair style pours some drink from a bottle into champagne glass.
nothing better than a toast to celebrate whatever, wherever, the context of the space tv program defines this well
fragment from a fantastic movie about space with heroes in uniforms
a man is pouring wine into a glass and talking to others.
we have a chapter of the mythical series trip to the galaxies
a woman talking about a purple hair accessory.
an ornament made of purple ribbons is displayed on a table.
this is advertisement for the movie insidious the last key and it was releasing on january
woman with white blouse teaching how to make a craft
a women is asking people to subscribe her channel.
a women making a craft product
two hands were holding a purple pom pom and a voice was speaking.
a person requesting to subscribe her youtube channel by clicking thumbsup
girl showing his creativity and talking about his channel
a person wearing a white sweater gently fingers a purple tulle headband.
a child playing a game and hoping to win
the man sounded excited about this casino game.
a young man playing a funfair game to win some money.
a person watches a game of chance with coins and comments observing the result.
a man is playing a game at the arcade
a colorful roulette wheel from a game, spinning.
on a table, a roulette wheel with coins spinning.
a slot machine, containing a multi-colored roulette wheel that spins on itself, while a person throws money on top of the wheel to win a prize
colorful and interconnected wheels forming a game of balls.
game that appears to be a roulette where coins fall on the numbers
four womens dancing in the stage
the four women ballet dancers wore white and danced to the left in perfect unison.
four ballerinas dressed in white dance with their arms linked.
four ballet dancers performing on stage.
four girls wearing white gown are dancing on the stage.
there are a group of bailarine dancers dancing together.
we have a performance of a female ballet group on a big stage
four girls are dancing on the stage
4 ballerinas break off from a larger group onstage and dance in their light colored tutu's.
number of female dancers are dancing in a group
cnn news report about dying wwii vet with him on the screen in blue shirt
the two old man seeing the some of the invitation card.
a blue shirt old men looking in a paper and read
two old mans are meet and enjoy the time.
two elderly man sharing a common photo of wwii battlefield.
a tv show sharing a battlefield quarter command experience of two old men.
the two are taking with each other which is showed in new channel
an old man sitting on the sofa is reading a paper
an old guy in white is talking to anther old guy in blue shirt with others standing behide.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
video with some dancing man in different clothes with a song
clip with men dancing in different public places.
men dancing in various settings while a song is played during a clip.
music video to the song happy by pharrell.
several men dancing in the streets and hallways of the school to the rhythm of music
the dancers were happy during the video and played good music
group of men are dancing to the happy song.
various people are dancing to the song happy by pharrell williams
a series of men in different locations performing dance moves.
three men dancing on the street. then a man dancing at school. and finally, another man dancing in a hall.
all of you see and watching and running
a grouo of people are running away as rubble or something comes at them.
a film trailer where some characters appear from a bridge that approaches
monumental amounts of black water floods the city in this brief apocalyptic scene.
a tide of black waste fall in as a group of individuals attempt to flee from it.
a group of people wearing in black is running away from a black liquid.
people are running out of a lane as building is collapsing
three people wearing grey gear are chased by pieces of a crumbling building changing into an army dressed in black clothing.
people with guns running from a landslide
a scene from a movie with the characters fleeing a kind of poisonous mud that kills them.
a woman is jumping in the swimming pool and started swimming
a girl is swimming.
person jumping into the pool in beautiful architecture with intereging walls with tree in the background
a lady jump and swim in swimming pool
a woman is hesitatingly jumping into a pool and she does not seem comfortable in the water.
a woman is jumping into an indoor pool. tense music is being played.
a girl make a jump in a swimming pool with a nice background music.
woman wearing bathing suit jumps and splashes into pool with background music.
a woman jumps into a blue inside pool and makes a splash.
a lady just jumps on the swimming pool
a car, ambulance ,airplane, bicycle and a underground train are moving and a female in singing about it.
a singer singing a song on different types of transportation.
a ambulance open the doors and show cars on the road, then a train, a boate and a bycicle.
a video singing about cars, airplanes, and bicycles,
a guy is being cheered by the crowd while he is talking to them
a educative video about transportations. it shows an ambulance in the beggining, then cars moving in a road, then it shows a train way and finally a bicycle, while it has a background sound saying the names of the transportations.
a lot of cars and other vehicles are moving along the streets
a learning video for kids where a man tries to teach about spellings.
a band is singing a song about words in english.
a person controls a colored string while a male voice speaks in the background.
a lady in bed is being treated well by doctors
a woman is in labor with her doctor and two friends around her.
a woman is giving birth and she is with the doctor and other two women. the doctor makes a joke and she laughs.
male doctor takes birth, next to several friends
woman laughing during childbirth in hospital with doctor in front of her and two other women at her side
a pregnant lady wearing grey hospital dress is getting readied with jokes by a male doctor in theatre uniform as her assistants look on.
a doctor saying a joke and a lady about to deliver a baby laughing with two other persons on the background
a women is trying to giving birth in hospital,a doctor and two women was nearby.
a woman wearing a hospital gown  in a hospital bed has her legs in stirups.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
cameraman showing two holes in a plastic
a man points out some damadge on a car part.
as small points in a car can compromise the total safety of either the family or the user alone
some one showing the opened suit case with finger
a person showing the hand in steel materials in the damage piece
man is presenting some damages in the car, showing them
a person describing some details of an object and using his fingers to provide kinesthetic reference.
a guy is talking about damaged part of a car.
a person is talking about some sort of accessory and how on the top of it there is some sort of hooks.
a person is explaining and showing a part of his car that broke down
a female is showing how to fix a  baby scroller and then later how to fix it to the moving stand
a stroller that molds and is super flexible
the children sleeping bed is awesome quality and easy to cray.
a girl with blue colour dress is taking baby trolley and fitting
showing the details of the baby carriage.
demonstrating how to install a pram onto a stroller for children.
a person shows a detachable stroller basket for kids.
a lady tells us about attaching a pram to a stroller.
a tutorial video of baby trolley.
a woman in blue shirt is attaching a carseat to a stroller.
a man's face is cleaned while another man talks about recovery times.
two persons preparing  a man for eye operation.
an old man with gray hair is laying on a stretcher. he is surrounded by medical personnel who are wiping his face
an elderly person receives the last care for a surgery from people who appear to be doctors.
two doctors are operating a person for eye surgery and cleaning his eyes
two nurses are wiping down a patient's face.
a man is on an operating table and two women are cleaning his eyes.
nurses prepping a patient for surgery by wiping his eye
the doctors operating man eyes on the operation theatre
two physician wipes out one eye for an affected patient.
a girl is wearing boots over the jeans and talking about it.
someone is explaining how to wear jeans with the boots.
a model demonstrates wearing jeans inside boots.
some one is showing shoes and explaining about them
a women wear a cofee colored shoe with blue jean
a girl wearing and showing his new booties and how to wear pants with them
people displaying the beige boot that is on their foot
a jeans wearing leg on a shoe, showing different poses.
a person seems to be trying out shoes
a person explain about the new shoes in front of camera
two professional cyclists in sponsored cycling jersey is discussing the situation on road as one of them has a broken cycle.
two cyclists stand confused as to what to do because one of the cyclists' front bicycle wheel came off, with narration in the beginning of the clip.
two cyclists standing on a hill is speaking each other.
two young makes riding bikes through a field.
a narrator speaks while two cyclists stand in a green landscape
two cyclists talking after one of them breaks his bike
two men with bicycles stand on a grassy hill.
2 cyclists are on the side of the road and need to change a tire.
a man does a voice-over while two men are standing near bicycles in a grassy area, and then one man speaks and raises a wheel in the air.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a lady showing her peach color pencil hill  footwear
a girl is putting tape on the mouth of another girl
a woman talking about shoes with a bag on the ground
a girl wearing white cut shoes and stretched her foot
a women waering a shoe and showing the features
a girl is wearing a high heels slipper and reviewing it.
a woman explaining about the sandals she wore
a pair of beige stilettos are shown with a woman standing in them.
woman wearing pointed heel beige colored bellies and explaining about bellies.
a woman wearing nude heels is standing near some flowers kept in a vase.
justin bieber with usher and a third person making an announcement in a microphone to a screaming crowd.
there are three people who are standing on a stage and there is a huge crowd that is screaming.
three men on a stage while one talks into a microphone and people cheer off camera.
the group of people are performing in the room together.
there are three guy on stage and one of them is holding a mike.
in a stage performance three guys are standing to perform and in backward an video is playing and a small boy speak in the mic
this rock group is going to give a encore to the fans.
three men are talking to their screaming fans.
justin bieber asks an audience to clap for a man beside him and then thanks the audience.
three guys on a stage, one of them is talking into a microphone into a screaming crowd of people.
a guy with blue jumper on is singing on a stage of a show called voice.
boy using a suit presents during a musical talent program
a person is singing music video of billie eilish
avery nice song singing by billie eilish.
musicians are performing in a large stage
the singer is singing a song.
a man was singing, and others member is used for instrumental music.
a boy dressed in dark dress is singing on the stage of a tv show with a band behind and an audience.
a boy is singing a song on top of a stage
an elegant woman sings a song on a black stage
a person is marking of round on the the paper
making drawings explaining about them.
the man is explaining about professional persuasion methods.
an animated video talking about the types of characters in a family.
a person puts a big circle in an advertisement
one person is explaining about hook that's a promise
a man is telling about psychology of different people in a family and explaining about different personalities by sketching.
a person begins to describe professional methods of persuasion in a video
the voice of a man talking about persuasion methods with an animated video.
a man is talking about a picture and draws a circle around a family.
a boy in a red coat walking in front of a red building and in the background a beautiful american flag
a boy in maroon hoodie is walking and showing  something
a man is making a vlog explaining about the harvard university garden.
a man walking backwards through a park talking to the camera.
a young man in a purple hoodie discusses harvard u life as he walks the campus and speaks to the camera.
there is a man walking and talking on a road
there is a person who is showing harvard's campus to other people.
one person in red colour dress walking in ground and telling about it
a handsome man seriously explaining something, about the building and the place behind him.
a man is saying something while walking
a group of motorcycle riders line up on a city street getting ready to ride together.
there is a biker race, and there are a lot of people.
a man wearing a black jacket with a gray cobra symbol rolls towards a large moto madness gathering on a black motocycle.
a man racing his black motorcycle in a street
bikers riding motorcycles in a large group
a man slowly rides a motorcycle in a line behind other motorcycles, stops, and then accelerates the engine.
the moto madness is going on in the daytime and it very bright overall
a group of many men riding on motorcycles.
people on motorcycles are lined up on a street as engines roar.
this shows a large group of people on motorcycles on a sunny day.
the peoples are food restaurant place in keep talking
two people are talking about food.
a man and a woman sitting talking at a table
a girl and a man is eating in a restaurant and talking to each other
a man and women are sitting in a hotel
a man and a lady have some food at a restaurant.
a man and a woman talk about a restaurant menu and are likely to order something.
man and girl talking about the food
the couple is sitting on the chair and talking about the food.
man talking about food to a woman in a restaurant
a woman wearing a pink headscarf is thoroughly rubbing her chin with her hands in a bathroom.
a women with red color hair rubbing her face with cream and cleaning with white towel.
a woman rubbing a product on her face.
facial work going on by her lady to pimplee
white woman with pink cap puts cream on her face.
a woman rubbing cream on her face and talking
a woman massaging her face with something in the bathroom
a woman trying a beauty product in her bathroom
a woman with red cap rubbing cheeks in front of mirror and speaking
an women doing a facial massage to get glow skin
some one is reading the news with visual of a photo
a jacketed man running in the road by holding a stick in his hand
a man walking down the street with a truncheon
an ongoing news story about a fleeing suspect.
a news video which shows a person is running in a street with a stick on his hand
a crime scene with someone running and a scene of the street.
there is a suspect on the street with an arm in his hands
a man runs on the road with a stick and a road with two cars parked.
in a street confrontation, suspect armed with a macheter on the streets of hollywood.
a man is running in a road with a stick
a group of five penguins are walking on the snow and then the scene cuts to hundreds of penguins on the snow.
sweet little white penguin families are in groups.
a penguin trying to climb a snow cliff and then a huge colony of penguins
there is a bunch of penguins walking on the snow
a penguin is joining a large group of penguins on the land.
a documentary on penguins showing thousands of penguins migrating or doing something.
one penguin is climbing a hill, while four others are at the top of the hill.
penguins are walking on the ice.
penguins walking on ice mountains with a beautiful blue sky
on an ice mountain the penguin climbs to the top where his companions eagerly await his arrival and join hundreds of them on the glaciers
a lady describing a hotel and its services including a stay on a cruise ship.
beautiful scenery many boats are riding in water
a woman speaking about lake and ship, a ship is running  in lake
open water is shown with rocks situated above the surface.
a hotel offers the possibility of cruising among other exploration alternatives
the commentator tells about a hotel and how it offers a cruise while the cruise ship is seen moving in the calm waters.
beatiful travel video with a lot of boats in the picturesque channel
there are a lot of rocks and such being shown to overall help peopel
a woman is talking about places in china.
tourist boat sails across the sea with several mountain cliffs emerging from the water
this is a video of a military squad walking down a path finding a dead soldier hanging from a tree with music by green day playing in the background.
many soldiers war walking in the camp
the soldiers are walking in the forest and they have a gun
a soulder walking the forest and seeing some person died in the forest
soldiers landing and marching, seeing dead bodies
snippets taken from a military movie, depicting brothers in arms.
the military man saw the sacrifice of their partner.
there are some soldiers walking in a ground
a military outfit is standing and marching together outside.
the soldiers walking in the forest and seeing their co-solider hanging in the tree. the eyes of the solider is filled with full of tears after seeing the sad incident in the forest.
all people are dancing in restaurant
a man singing disco dance and others are dancing around a lighting globe.
a group of people are singing and dancing together in a set which is made up of lights.
a group of young adults are dancing in a club like setting possibly making a rap video
a group of kids perform on a dance floor
a man rapping with a group of people dancing around.
a black man rapping among several black people
people are playing to the song played in the disco
someone are looling at a music video with a guy singing.
musical video with many people in active dance and big black singer
a pitcher is placed on top of a glass and liquid is extruded out of in into the glass which is then carried away by a woman.
a waiter pour a red drink into a tall glass.
this looks like a infor commercial on how to filter water.
a person puts a drink into a glass that has ice already in it.
a woman pours a drink from a carafe into a glass.
a bartender fills a glass cup with a liquid with olives in it.
someone is adding liquid from one container to another.
there is a person who is adding extra flavors into another beverage.
a person transfers liquid from a blender into a glass and places a lid on it.
someone decants a drink into a glass filled with ice.
a plane going up to the beautiful sky in the late afternoon
a graphic of a plane in flight is accompanied by a man hoping you spend a vacation worth remembering.
an aeroplane  kerps flying and a man tslks about it from behind
a flight is taking off at high sky and high altitude
an aeroplane taken off at the end of a news report.
a commercial plane is rising above the clouds into a yellowish sky.
an animated video of plane in which they are teaching how can u take off the plane
the little plane with wings take off above over the cloud.
an aeroplane is flying very high in the air
a plane is flying through clouds.
a man provide schedule for an orange color painted fast train in track.
a huge fast train is being parked in train station
there is a person who is talking about a pink train.
looking at high speed trains in italy and describing how good they are.
man talks about past trains in italy, voiced over relevant images.
two trains standing in the track of the railway station with nobody
a man talks about an image of a red train that is sitting at a train station.
a person is in the italian train station talking about traveling by train.
orange colour train is standing on the track
a picture of the red and silver train parked int he train station then showing the board.
photo with several women and lively music in the background.
they are la-da music, and they are stand for stylish looking.
a group of 5 girls standing in row and giving pose for song ad.
five girls with long hair and nice clothes are standing inside the room.
musical group composed of girls.
small musical section is reproduced with the caption in the image and five women in the background
a song by the frogs on spotify called la-da-da-da-da-da
a white writing la-da-da-da-da-da appears with a group of girls in the background
there is tive girls one beside the other and a music in the background
the young girls are give a pose in front of camera
a person lying on the stage of a concert receiving a lot of applause and a text comes in at the end
some people are excitedly riaising their hands in  a live show
in the video shows a broadcaster that will have a show
there is a person in black suit sleeping on the floare and breathing very fast.
the crowd cheers a performer who is lying down on the stage in a scene from an upcoming lip sync battle show.
singer ends her show and lies down on stage
there is some hands up in the air and the screen says lip sync battle.
brand new lip sync battle introduce on comedy central channel
a woman laying on a stage as sparks fly is briefly shown as two colored backgrounds appear.
the people shout to the crowd as there is a nice advertisement
there is a baby sleeping with two dogs next to him.
new born baby is sleeping on the couch with the dog sleeping next to it.
a very cute baby is spleeping with two gris cats
a baby is sleeping near to cat
a baby and two grey cats sleeping on the couch together.
baby sleeping on a black sofa with two cats
a baby sleeping with two cats around them
kid and kittens are having a peaceful nap in the cosy couch.
sentence 1 : a baby and 2 cats are sleeping together in a bed   sentence 2 : a baby wear only diaper looks white skin color
baby sleeping with two black cats.
large alien craft crashing through the window of a church in front of people.
a fragment from the film - a monster flies into an old building, breaking windows and a wall
a computer generate creature is crashing through a wall in a movie scene.
a large object comes crashing through a window and lands on the floor inside a building.
a mechanical force causing an accident in a home.
the robot  broken the glass window then fall down the room
a car has caused accident and hit a building
a huge robot braking in a library after been attacked by the avengers
a large black character crashes through a window pane and lies still.
a large hunk of metal bursts through the window of a building and lands on the sidewalk.
2 women have a conversation while one puts her hair in a ponytail.
a blonde woman sitting in a bed collects her hair while a brunette woman sits by her
a women in black dress tying her hair
someone is watching some kind of video.
woman is dressed in black sitting on the bed and tying her hair
two women are talking
two woman are discussing something in a darkened living room, while they appear to be waiting for something.
a woman is putting a hair clip on his head and another woman is sitting opposite to her
a woman dressed in black and another dressed in red sitting talking
there are two woman both wore black dresses  and are talking something
a group of men dressed in white outfits walking in snow,some riding horse carriages.
a german wwii winter scene with masses of troops wearing white and horses puuling carts.
soldiers are marching in the cold and snow.
there is a huge snow storm and there are a bunch of men inside a camp.
in a snowy, cold and serious setting, there are groups of men in white with horses and carriages.
horse drawn carriages and soldiers walk down a path in a snowstorm.
there is a bunch of people and horses in the snow.
a crowd of people walks through a snowy scene with horses and carriages.
the group of people are walking around in the snow.
soldiers and horses pulling carts walk during a snowy day.
small cartoon characters talk in a circle around a broken clock before hearing a grandfather-clock ring.
a group of animated clocks gather around in a circle
a scene from a cartoon where some animated alarm clocks speak in an asian language
few animation characters talking to each other in an animation scene.
the clocks were all surprised to hear the chimes going off.
eight little cartoon characters stand in a circle and put together a plan
reproduction of dialogue between characters in a cartoon
eight animated watch like toys talking in group preparing for a mission.
eight kids talking about a plan
video shows some cartoons dolls chatting together
an anchor introducing good morning americaprogramme
show host in studio announces his next guest while the audience is applauding.
a person is talking in a show and people are clapping
a black man with a suit, white shirt and yellow tie.
a tv program called monday motivation and a young boy is the celeberity.
presenter presenting an auditorium program.
a black man is presenting a television program to the audience
a man wearing grey coat is talking and another guy is listening
a man with gray pant and coat is doing a tv show and introducing another young man to tell them a motivating story
a black program presenter presenting the vma
a person telling measurements to the other person
the person is touching a roof model and talking about it.
two men interact while one of them comments about a broken gutter of a miniature at home
a guy talking using fingers touching roof shingles and then water roof with hose
another person explain the object him
the man wearing a black shirt is explaining about something
a man working on a house or construction piece
a man is giving tips and advice about shingles for a roof repair or construction project.
the drip edge created a gap the thickness of my finger is which is more than in the second example
the man was someone things cleaning to the water, and speaking.
various cartoon letters are hanging out in the attic.
it's a children animation about the alphabet.
the video is an animation  showing alphabets moving  for kids
a cartoon portraying letters of the alphabet a,b,c, o,y, and w.
there are some letters in differant colours and they are dancing.
animated alphabet characters are dancing with music in the background.
animated reproduction of letters on a shelf
letters in different colours and characters are playing on the book shelf.
alphabets are in different colours and animatedly dancing to a song.
animated abc letters with eyes are moving around on a bookcase.
an old bottle is painted to become a new vase.
a person paints a blue clear bottle with white paint on the outer layer.
someone is painting a bottle with some sort of adhesive and attaching paper, for a craft project.
art and craft done on a bottle with brush.
small stretch of a diy for handmade decoration of empty glass bottles
there is a green bottle, one bowl in glue, a women take some glue on brush and apply on the bottle then stick tissue paper on the bottle.
someone is applying white paste on a bottle with brush and then pasting white papper on the bottle.
someone is painting a bottle a bluish color and making some type of craft.
a bottle is being painted a teal color with happy music in the background.
a girl have been colouring in the bottle
the character bane from batman has his hand on someone else's head and is talking to them.
a man wearing a mask is talking with another person
there is fight going on between  a strong man and a lean man
there are two men a man wearing a mask and talking
superhero bane from the batman movies, is intimidating a person.
there are two person talking and one person use face mask
a masked man stands tall and is talking in a threatening manner to another man.
a masked man wearing black holds another man fiercely close as he confronts him.
two men are speaking close to close and one of that man hs masked
a man is having conversation with bald man with weird mask.
educational cartoon with a painted teacher in a blue suit and blackboard
a video of a teacher standing next to a blackboard teaching how to pronounce the word said.
a teacher is pointing to the word said on the chalkboard.
an animation of a woman teaching in front of a blackboard
a cartoon character with stick in hand teaching
in the classroom teacher holding a stick in hand to touch the written sentence in board and teaching the word.
animation of a character giving a lesson indicating the word said on the blackboard
a teacher in blue is taking class on how to use 'said' word in sentence using animation
a female character talking about english lessons in an animated video.
animation that illustrates a teacher teaching on a green blackboard.
abstract painting being formed by a hand pouring various colors of paint onto a canvas.
someone is making art design of some kind.
someone wearing purple glove is pouring different colors on the canvas.
a hand in a purple glove pours red and orange paint, then blue and green paint, then pink and white paint from a cup onto a canvas.
in video a person showing how can color in block
a person wearing purple gloves pouring different colors on paint
a person is making an art piece throwing different colors over a canvas.
a person is pouring a dozen of paints on a board.
ideas of how to decorate a cake in an artistic way.
they do some craft work with coloring water
a woman picks up a product in a store while the video is being narrated by a woman who is not scene on film.
a girl wearing blue examines products in a market.
a woman in a store browsing hair care products.
a girl is looking at a box in a cosmetic store while a woman is speaking about anti-aging products.
a young asian woman picks a product in a drugstore.
a woman doing shopping for beauty skin care products
a person is looking for a product off the shelves of a store.
a woman with long dark hair picks up merchandise from a shelf and reads the packaging.
an asian woman is at a store reading the ingredients listed on the products package.
there are so many items and shows ingredients in each item.
disney characters gathered in a house while mickey introduces the audience to a colorful rocket.
a rocket painted with red and yellow is presented by mickey mouse
the  mickey mouse and his friends from the mickey mouse club house are ready to blast of into space with the mickey mouse club house rocket.
mickey, minnie and friends were getting ready to go into outer space.
the video showing some animated rocket ready to  launch on the space
mickey mouse standing with his friends and he points to a rocket
mickey mouse and friends ready to fly in a rocket from the clubhouse.
mickey and his friends talking in a room and then a spaceship launch.
mickey mouse talks about blasting off in the clubhouse rocket ship
micky mouse and other characters doing fun in an animated video.
a girl am english actess named mazzie williams from got talks to a large grey wolf.
the woman is standing outside talking to the animal.
a small white girl starts talking to a wolf and the wolf walks off.
the wolf and the little girl attempt to be friends
a young character from a show talking to a wolf in the snowy woods.
a young woman in the woods asks a wolf to come with her.
a lady in the midst of wolves communicating with their leader
a girl stands in the snow, begging a wolf to follow her.
some one is watching a video of a girl and some dogs.
a woman asks a canine to come with her, but the canine turns and walks away.
an young asian woman with dark red hair pulled into pigtails sits next to an young asian man wearing a white button shirt with a striped tie.
two girls and a boy are talking to each other.
a man wearing a white shirt is speaking to a woman
two asian girl and an asian boy are sitting together and talking
there are a group of chines people talking together.
asian people are talking with each other. two women and a man.
television show scene with dialogue between three asian teenagers
an asian couple, boy and girl sitting together and talking
a man is disagreeing with a beautiful woman.
a young couple is sitting and the man is talking.
a wooden table's 360 degrees view is playing
futuristic table with multiple places to hold things
presentation of a table with some details.
a man talking about the features of a table with an image of the table being shown.
a man explains his wooden creation with it being shown
to visual to the some variety wood material things.
a wooden round table rotating and one surface lifting from the other.
some equipment its in wooden and its getting closed.
a nice and woodroll animated with great picturisation.
a man is talking about a woob made table
preparing the kind of a plate of food.
a chef is putting egg mayo on a piece of toast to make sandwich.
placing cheese in a bread with boiled egg in order to make sandwich.
a women is preparing a sandwich by placing two roasted breads and spreading sauces.
a person make the bread omelet by using bread,egg and cheese
a woman is making a sandwich in a clean white kitchen.
some one is preparing food with bun, egg, and cream in the kitchen
in a restaurant kitchen, some one is making a sandwich.
a women making a dish by using bread and cream
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a woman is making mango jam
the person welcomes his channel healthy cooking by menu and says today i'm going to make homemade mango jam and a mango jam is shown on the video
mango jam is prepared and keep in a white plate
a woman is talking over a blob of homemade mango jam.
a woman describes how to make homemade mango jam.
there is a large about of mango jam on a weird looking plate.
a female cook narrates a shot of mango jam and then a mango.
orange mango jam being made from scratch
a women explaining the making of the homemade mango jam.
woman talking about a plate prepared with mango
a girl in a white hair bow and a red bow tie is talking about romance.
the woman is standing in the room and talking.
a waitress answers a another girl's question about romance.
the girls at the pizzza stand at the mall are discusing about romance.
there is a woman looking at the screen with a bow in her hair
a young girls talking to another girl about romance.
a waitress talks about a lack of romance while taking customers order.
a woman with a red bow starts to snap at another girl for her want of romance.
two girls are talking about romance. one of them says you cant have cable tv you are going to get romance.
waitress tells co-worker that she shouldn't expect romance in ridgemont.
two caucasion males sit in a car with seatbelts on, man in black shirt drives car steering wheel on left side, man in red shirt talks in british accent.
a man wearing a red shirt talks to a driver wearing a black shirt.
the two people are riding together in the car now.
a man in a red shirt is driving a car while talking, with an accent,  to the passenger which is a man with a black shirt.
there are two guys in a car driving .
two men are in a moving car, the man in red is talking to the man in black.
two men in black and red driving in a ferrari while making a video
two guys driving down the road , one in red tshirt talking to the driver in black tshirt
two men are conversing in a car. the man driving is wearing a black shirt whereas the other man is dressed in red.
two young men are seated in the front of a fast moving car as one of them drives and the other speaks to him in a quiet voice.
a policeman wearing glasses speaks at the podium about an investigation.
an arlington,texas police officer describes a crime scene at a press conference.
a police officer in arlington, texas, gives a news briefing on an unconscious female found in a grassy area.
a police officer giving a briefing of what they saw about the scene they investigated.
this is a police press briefing about a girl who was found pass out.
a policeman at a press conference describing what was found at the scene.
there is a police officer talking on the mike about a woman.
a police officer does a press conference about a woman who passed out.
a police man with glasses is a giving a speech.
a police officer is doing a report for the news about a female passed out behind a business.
the letter m is being taught for children, and a man on a motorcycle is shown as an example.
harley davidson motar cycle was riding by a old man
a gray beard man wearing black shirt and black helmet going on motocycle
a person with black tshirt and he is riding with bullet bike in road side
there is a male person who is talking about how the letter m is for motorcycle.
a person ride the royal infield motorcycle in front of camera
introducing a man on top of a motorcycle.
a man in black walks out on his black motorcycle down the street
m is for motorcycle with a man riding a motorcycle.
a man with black tshirt riding a bike
a woman is repairing some kind of jewelry.
a goldsmith joints two pieces of a jewel using his tools.
a women is busy doing some craft work
guitar music plays in the background as a pair of hands puts together jewelry on a table.
this was someone in the process of making a bracelet.
a person making necklace using hands beads
person showing how to make your jewelry with pliers
one girl is preparing beautiful and classy handmade jewelry
some girl is making a designer jewellery and for her friend
a person shows how to join the broken chains
field in which there is a row of dinosaurs on each side
a group of dinosaurs is having a face off with another group inside an enclosure
a dinosaur group is going to fight against other group of dinosaurs.
a large dinosaur is filmed and several dinosaurs appear in combat position and on a battlefield.
computer animation of lots of dinosaurs with one large t-rex.
cartoon showing dinosaurs in one walking on a gray floor.
a dinosaur video game showing variety of dinosaurs in teams
a screen recording of a game is playing
a 3d simulation of several dinossours, one big and large, the others atÃ© little.
computerized video showing several species of dinosaurs in a row
the parts of the brain are explaining
a lady explains about brain using a schematic diagram of a human brain.
brain part explain to simply and need understand
someone talking about dopamine while showing different images and scans of the brain
a woman is talking about a brain frontal cortex.
a person explains about different parts of a human brain.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a presentation on the brain giving details about it
the low dopamine rate in the brain with metabolism is explained.
an association pattern between brain receptors and metabolism
a fighter plane is going to land and flying over the people watching on the ground below.
closeup image of the sky, a written presentation and an airplane appears
an f16 fighter jet takes a very low pass over a crowd.
the f-15 comes in very low over the coard and scares eveyone.
a fighter flight is landing just few feet above the crowd.
1. another week does of aviation, f16 flight does a low landing few minutes back
weekly dose of aviation an f-16 is landing.
there is a man talking over some text on screen before a jet is seen flying over a crowd of people.
an opening of a video that goes on to show an f-16 plane almost hitting a crowd of people.
a voiceover describes footage of a f-16 coming in for a landing very close to some people.
mountains are covered by greens and there are huge trees.
pictures of a mountain range are shown and a host starts talking while soft music plays.
a beautiful natural scenery with snow covered mountains and trees.
sunset,  mountains and forests with big tress and full of greenery.
there are high hills, clouds and fog in the beautiful scenery
forest location with geographical information of that place.
many mountains in a national park.
a man narrates while short clips of different forests play.
several various slow views of natural features, such as mountains and trees.
a person capture the mountain and natural spot by using camera
the designer drew a noise but he did not like it and decided to erase it
a person with a silver colored pencil teaching techniques to draw cartoon characters.
some one drawing in the white paper with pencil
a man is drawing an art with pencil on the white paper
a man is drawing a picture with a pencil.
a man is drawing a picture with pencil.
a man with a pencil is drawing what appears to be a superhero/super villain. it is a tutorial for drawing, the superhero/villain is very well drawn.
someone is sketching an anime character with a pencil.
its a man drawing a spidermans story of angry man\
someone is  drawing
he is giving demo about the air filled pillow,white in color.
one person is explaining about pillow on the chair
a man is explaining about making of something.
a man put a blue object in the pillow
a person doing some fun thing with the pillow
a person adds objects to a pillow and shows a description on paper.
a man is putting a dope to a pillow and places a newspaper upfront.
a man in black shirt hides his face and trying to explain some thing.
a man explaining about how to use the medical pillow when sitting in the chair.
a man with black tshirt explaing some thing with white pillow
number of warriors are fighting a serious battle with some of them are injured
soldiers are dying in the battlefield with lots of smoke on the background.
in the war a soldier got injury and soldiers running away from there.
the soldiers in a war field are leaving the dead soldiers and moving.
mnay police officers died in the war and some are hiding in the ground
soldiers are fighting in war field some soldiers are dead
soldiers are in the war and a soldier has died
this is the second world war, there is one dead and the troops are advancing
dead bodies and screaming soldiers in a war scene.
a man was dead in the war work to save her country
a woman in a black bikini swims in the water of the sea
a woman is swimming underwater, intentionally filmed in an erotic manner.
a woman who is snorkelling/swimming in clear, blue waters.
the lady is swimming in water.
a girl swimming with sea water in under ground
woman wearing diving equipment, swimming in the sea.
woman with flippers is filmed underwater while swimming
a beautiful and gorgious lady swims around the see area.
a girl swims along the seabed
a girl is swimming in the under water in search of rare fish
a man in a strange old costume is standing on stage and saying some words.
some one dressing in a custom and talking about what a rain it has been.
a comedian is wearing a prince costume and is performing while the audience is claps.
a man on stage wearlng an elaborate royalty type outfit in white, silver and black says what a reign it has been causing the audience to laugh.
a guy is dressed in a funny outfit on stage and the audience is laughing with him.
old big lady talks to the audience on a stage
the person is standing on stage and doing a performance.
a man standing on a stage with a blue background wears a black and gold henry the eighth costume.
a man in a renaissance outfit stands on stage and talks as people laugh.
he is rehearsing for the shakespeare this afternoon.
a lady laying her head in pillow and singing about her love
a girl sing a song in the video
a girl singing a song by lying on the bed
a woman sings like there is no tomorroww while he apparently is trying to sleep, as what is more proper of a time to do this?
a girl is laying down on her side and singing out loud while others dancing.
a girl is singing lying down and turning over.
a women sing a song
a woman singing with her face on a pillow
in the video song a lady lay down on the bed with free hair and sing.
a brunette woman is singing a song while laying down.
several chicken chicks walk from one side to the other, some are yellow and other colors.
a big group of cute baby chickens on a farm.
a group of young chickens are running around and making noise.
the cute chicks of hen are roaming.
showing a duckling and a half of many chicks.
the baby chicks are running, chirping, and eating grass.
baby chickens walking round on grass and cherping
there are a number of the birds sounding and playing
yellow and brownish gray baby chicks running around in patches of green grass or weeds and dirt.
baby chicks chirping on railroad tracks.
an elephant saunters through the dirt and then an insect hops on a ball of dirt and rolls it away.
a elephant with long ear walk on to the forest
an elephant is walking in the forest and an insect is there
the wild life of small animals and giant animals as an elephant and an insect
an elephant is walking in the jungle alone
an elephant walking in the grass and a dung beetle about to push dung.
an elephant and an ant moves a rock.
elephant has been declared as the largest land animal and it is informed through this image.
giant elephant walking in jungle and one insect playing with something
a man commentates while an elephant appears walking across grass before a bug crawls over a rock and pushes it.
as music plays, a man starts to ride a bike at an indoor track.
man giving the bike start on a track
two men gets prepared and ride their bicycle
a professional cycling race is going on along with weight lifting
a bicycle race indoors and the first bicycle is definitely losing.
a man in a white helmet starts stationary on a bike before pushing off down a track.
there is a bicycle race between two people around an indoor track.
two guys are riding a bike and are racing with each other.
a cyclist starting on an olympic race track
cyclists racing around a indoor gym. weight lifter lifting weights
the group singers are singing infront of audience
four people are singing  a song by  playing a guitar  in a concert
a group of four persons are playing guitar and singing
a band formed by four members is playing in a concert
music concert by a music team consisting of four participants using guitars in the midst of great applause from the audience
there is music orchestra with different types of instruments.
mans in black suit sing an amazing songs and playing instrument
a group of four persons holding guitars singing in a concert.
musicians are performing in front of huge crowd
a group of 4 persons wearing black dress and sitting in a chair on stage, sing and playing music.
a girl wearing pink dress and a hat is playing in the sand
a small girl is dancing and crawling in the beach sand.
a girl dancing and playing in the beach
a little girl with pink dress plays with sand
children are always beautiful to watch, excellent video
a small child playing on the beach with a sand castle with fun music in the background.
a small girl in pink tshirt and beige cap dancing and crawling on the sand along seaside.
child has fun while playing in the sand
a little girl dancing around and playing in the dirt.
the pink dress baby is playing with the beach sand
a person playing dinosaure toys
he fx effects of the jurrasic park they are
dinosaurs, operated by humans, are having a fight with dramatic music in the background.
hand are visible playing with two dinosaurs on a green landscape.
two people play with toy dinosaurs in a grassy setting.
people with toy dinosaurs simulating the lives of these animals
a person is playing with a trex and it attacks another dinosuar.
a play with toy dinosaurs.
two people are playing with four toy dinosaurs in fake grass. the toy dinosaurs are making a growling sound.
two persons are playing with their toy dinosaurs in a garden
a person cutting a man's hair with a machine and a black comb.
a guy gets his hair trimmed with a professional hair dresser.
teaching how to trim a hair in trimmer
a man is receiving a haircut from someone using a comb and clippers.
a man is getting a haircut.
a man is cutting a person's hair.
a gray-haired man is having his hair cut with a machine.
a man getting a haircut with a black comb and a hair clipper
final details of a very well done haircut.
its a barbar shop, the man hair cutting to the customer hair.
someone is watching a video of a little girl on a red car.
a young girl is distressed after her car alarm goes off and she can not get it to stop. she steps out of the car to try to resolve the issue of the car alarm.
a little girl sits inside a toy car against an animated background. the cars horn keeps honking and the little girl gets up and leaves the car.
a human little girl is in a cartoon, she was got out of a red cartoon and walked into the forest.
a young girl is shown riding a red cartoon car while an alarm is going off.
a girl wearing a pink dress with pigtails in pink ribbons gets out of a toy car when she can not silence the alarm.
a young child cannot figure out how to turn the car alarm off in her toy car and walks away.
a girl is really happy about her car
a little girl dressed in a pink dress is playing with the noisy dials in her play red car.
the young girl is riding in the play car.
the female is guiding for a haircut tutorial with a man.
there is a woman learning how to cut  hair
a lady hairstylist is busy working on a new hair style with a guy
a woman is cutting hair of a man in the saloon
a lady teach us how to cut a hair, she said the easy way
white female hairdresser wearing a white shirt showing how to make a specific cut for a caucasian male with wet hair
a women in a white shirt trims a man's hair with scissors and a plastic comb while explaining what she is doing.
a women cut for modern hair cutting to woman.
a woman in white is cutting the hairs and describing
a women cutting the hair of a men
fireworks are exploding over a beachfront at night and the crowd is cheering the sight.
a fireworks show at night with people talking.
different colour decorated crackers bomb in the sky
night time fire works display with voices from audience attendees
bright yellow and purple fireworks light up the night sky.
a lot of crackers were burst in night with a high sound and it looks very colorful, people are enjoying it happily.
sparkles of crackers  appear in the sky and people start appreciating  seeing them
some fireworks burst while the people shout about the amazing event
shows a sequence of fireworks with the sound of people celebrating in the background
crackers explosion in the sky
someone is decorating the red cake with white circular frosting at bottom of cake
a red frosted cake is having white frosting piped at the base of the cake.
a video on cake decoration using an icing syringe
someone is decorating a cake with a cone of white cream
a beautiful red cake been decorated by the fresh cream with nice design
a wonderful maroon birthday cake is decorating by  delicious white cream.
a red cake being piped.
a person is putting nice red and white  icing on the cake.
a red vale being decorated with frosting at the bottom.
cake being confectioned manually with the greatest possible precision
a cartoon bunny keeps eating stacks of pancakes over and over
a pink color bunny is eating a lot of pan cakes.
a rabbit is eating plate after plate of pancakes.
an animated video showing a rabbit eating food.
a cartoon depicting a pink bunny opening its mouth wide open and food coming flying into its mouth.
in this video we can see a rabbit eating food inside a loop
a small cartoon bunny eats plate after plate of pancakes at a swift pace.
a pink bunny sitting in a gold chair rapidly eats multiple stacks of pancakes.
a cartoon rabbit is hungry and eating many waffles
a rabbit eats several stacks of pancakes.
a person seems to be talking about marketing on a tv show.
a man sitting at a desk discussing marketeers
a young asian-looking man with short black hair and black eyes, dressed in a white shirt with a dark blue blazer and a watch in his left hand, speaks into the camera explaining what enterpreneurs do
a man in a suit and watch appears to be talking to someone else.
a man in a blue suit, sitting by a table.
a man wearing an elegant suit is talking to someone. he is trying to convince the interlocutors about somthing about concerned what market owners do
china man is telling something with cards on the wall behind him
an asian man wearing a suit and tie talking and gesturing.
a blue shirt speech man backround rummy. the man is white colour.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
players running after a ball on a green lawn.
attack period by player number 1 from rugby match
two teams are playing football in the team in the white t-shirts scores a touchdown
a rugby player catches a ball that is very close to the ground
rugby game is playing in the ground between two teams and com entry is going.
the play in rugby in the ground. sports ground.
a catchy action that leads to a goal from a rugby match
many american football players are running and one of them falls on the ground while the speaker tells it
two rugby teams, one in a white shirt and the other in a black and orange shirt, the white shirt team scored.
a try scored in a rugby game played in australia.
a person salting three brown potatoes on a tray then baking them.
a person is preparing some food in table
three potatoes in a tray seasoned before cooking.
a person prepares bread, puts it in the oven and then presents it ready.
someone is preparing baked potatoes with oil and salt on a baking sheet.
someone is teaching you how to bake some potatoes.
a person preparing some food in a professional manner
a person is baking potatoes on a sheet tray.
a person is pouring oil and sprinkling salt over three potatoes on a baking sheet, bakes them, and then cuts them.
putting oil on potatoes sitting on a sheet pan and cutting down the middle to music.
a animated game video is playing with subtitles
animals together on the farm in an animation and simulation of conversation between them.
a group of pokÃ©mon have gathered around in a circle
cartoon or electronic game illustrating animals on a farm.
creatures that look like pokÃ©mon talk to each other in a garden.
animated image of animals while showing the caption on the screen of a dialogue between them
the pokemon were having a casual meeting together.
a short clip of a role playing game where the characters are interacting with a dragon.
in the video game different kind of creatures are talking each other.
its a cartnoon pictures, to visual to the animals pictures.
it explaining the cable tv and  the sponsor behind it
the company c-span created by cable
the audio in background explains about a cable advertisement.
a white chapel on the background of the advertisement of lots of company logos.
a commercial is showing in
there is a blue image of congresso and the names c-span on on the center of the imagem.
the cspan networks bring you long form public affairs program from the nation capital.
created by new application from executed
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
video not very interesting but with known brands
spiderman does a lot of flips and stuff in the air and makes himself seem popular
spiderman is flying through the city after seeing a truck crash into another car.
spider-man is shown above a city, and then flies downward
spider leaps from a building flipping through the air then dives toward the ground
a police car and a truck crash as spiderman soars through the air above the city.
someone is looking at the spider man movie.
a truck smashes a car while spiderman glides through the air.
the person is standing outside near the flipped over taxi.
cars are being smashed up by a truck while a superhero is coming to the rescue.
spider man is flying high above numerous tall buildings and swooping down towards the city.
a woman is talking about venus and how to identify it in the night sky.
showing moon and giving information about it
a thumbnail moon is next to a white dot labeled venus.
a beautiful moon seen on the sky at night.
blue background with white and bright thin moon and presentation of the planet venus.
picture of a half moon and a star explain that it was venus
a diagram of what the planet venus looks like from earth in the right alignment.
a woman is talking about the crescent moon and the planet venus
a woman is speaking, while the moon is shown.
there is a moon near to the planet venus
someone is touching the woman's face while she sings
a man touches the head of women who is singing a song
a woman is singing in a club with a red color lighted room.
there is a video song sing by a lady
a woman under a red light is signing.
the lady is describing and singing how the kiss was.
a lady singing in the video while looking emotional.
the videio of the singer that made the song the kiss of life.
a woman is singing with a red backlight in the background of this music video
the singer is singing a song.
an animated doctor is is looking at something
in a cartoon, a doctor is frightened by the result of a procedure that appears to be surgery.
an animated doctor character switches on the screen and bright light flows out of it.
the video showing animated talking about something he is not believing it
a doctor with head light inspecting patient.
excerpt from the cartoon about spongebob with skidward and another hero
a clip from an animation where the doctor character has a light shone in his face and collapses.
a medical fish scared by squidward tentacles.
someone is shining a flashlight right in the face of the fish.
spongebob scene where the squid mollusk turns extremely beautiful.
a mr. farmer is talking to the people about losing two great men today!
a leader talks in the media and all others are standing around him.
an old man speaking something
a pastor is giving a dpeech about something
brit farmer is talking to the media about losing two great men.
politician is giving an official statement to the media about dire local happenings.
a sad looking older white man with glasses is making a statement about the disposition of two men that recently died in the microphone in front of a crowd of people.
a new story about a white settlement in texas.
a religious pastor with gray hair and wearing eyeglasses is giving statements for news channels
in the video the person conveys a feeling of sadness and the people around him too
a guy was singing while he sat is a chair and played a guitar
a dog walks in between two persons who are singing a song.
bryan adams - please forgive me, an amazing song video, whare a white t-shirt guy playing guiter and the singer with black t shirt is singing.
a man is sitting on the chair singing a song and playing a guitar
bryan adams is singing his song while someone plays guitar and a dog runs through the studio.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a boy dressed in white is playing the guitar, a dress in black is singing and there is a dog
a band is in a recording studio singing a song.
two people are singing. one of them is playing the guitar
two men are singing  and one is playing a guitar.
a woman talks about how sharks can shed 30,000 pounds of teeth in one lifetime, while a video shows a shark eating a smaller fish.
huge sharking eating something .
a woman is talking as a shark maneuvers through the ocean water, grabbing fish with its mouth.
a women is talking about sharks
a video describing how some species of sharks can shed over 30,000 teeth.
a shark swims in water, eating marine life.
a shark eating underwater while a woman explains about shark teeth.
documentary with shark eating says they shed a lot of teeth
a very large shark in the sea eating it's prey
a shark is eating a fish, while a voiceover describes the teeth of the shark.
a person with blue shirt and he is speaking with nearby girl and girl wearing in white dress
man dressed in jeans talking to woman in wedding dress.
an indian man in a blue jacket speaks to his bride inside their home
a man in a jean shirt and a woman in a wedding dress are sitting down. they look like they are going to have an uncomfortable conversation
a man whistles and makes a funny pose, which causes the bride sitting next to him to laugh.
a man speaks, runs a hand over his eyebrow and puts his hand on his knee while a woman dressed in a bride cries.
a man describe to the girl how to perform in play.
the couple sitting there, and he is try to some speaking to the lady
george lopez talking to his daughter getting married
a man is talking with a women regarding something
there is a nice interview that is talking to billy gibbons
an old man has a long beard and is talking to someone wearing goggles
a man with a very long beard and a funny hat gives an interview
the man with the big blond beard is saying something about dancing.
a guy with long beard  cap and black glasses answering a question to someone.
a man wearing cap with black jacket having long beard speaking
a long beard old man with grey hat and cool glasses answers a person in front of him
old man with huge beard to explin her life matter
a guy with green hat, sun glasses and long ginger beard is talking in a carbin.
an old man with a long beard and black glasses is telling about dance
a person is giving instructions about various components of a computer
there are types of parts in the central processing unit
question marks are appearing around equipments.
a person describing the different components of a computer.
a guy is explaining about your computer parts.
a cpu teared down to its basic components surrounded by several interrogation signs on a light blue background followed by a wikipedia article
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
image of a cpu with various computer items around it with question marks
he is describing about the components of central processing unit
components of a computer are being displayed while a voice narrates some images.
sponge bob characters, talking about a sea bear.
few animated characters talking to each other.
squidward yells at spongebob and patrick near a fire.
spongebob, patrick star and squidward tentacles sitting around a little fire in the bikini bottom, and talk to each other.
the sponge bob square pants talking to his friends
bob squarepants characters are around a campfire and arguing.
spongebob speaks to 2 of his friends while underwater.
some kids are watching sponge bob on tv.
spongebob and two of his friends talk while next to a fire
cartoon character talking about  something that is a myth
a woman frosts a cake with pink frosting in the style of rosettes.
pink flowers are being frosted onto a round cake.
the plate is create to rose color cake. the cake is many in bowl.
this video is a tutorail on how to decorate cake and explaining why rose patern are easy and cool to create. we see the cake turning as the chef is gently drawing rose on it with decorative ingredient
a woman teaches how to decorate a cake with meringue
a woman finishing decorating a cake and giving hints about it.
a woman narrates a video of a baker icing a delicate cake with a pink flowers.
woman rotating a cake to make its decoration.
a women is designing a cake in a very cool and elegant way
the woman is describing how a cake designed with rosettes on it will always look great. the cake is designed with small pink flowers made with icing called rosettes.
a cruise ship is navigating heavy seas just offshore during the early evening.
someone is watching a video of a boat sailing in the ocean.
a cruise ship sails on a rough ocean.
a boat is slowly moving through the water, dangerously sinking lower and lower
a cruise ship, with an orange funnel, is floating on the water during a storm.
huge cruiseliner in bad water making nose of ship go into water.
the large ship is traveling through the wavy ocean.
a big vacation cruise ship is sailing on a open sea.
an orange and white ship with bright yellow lights begins to sink in very rough sea water.
there is a boat that is about to sink in the ocean
manual work using three plastic bottles joined with glue.
cutting and gluing plastic bottles with hot glue.
someone cut three mineral water bottles and joining it together in a craft video.
a person applying glue to chopped bottles and attaching them together.
a person is trying to make some interesting thing with plastic glasses and a cardboard so he is joining the plastic glasses with each other by the help of glue
a person sticks three plastic glasses kept in table
a person uses a glue gun to connect three drinking glasses and places them on cardboard.
a person sticking together three half-cut water bottles with a glue gun and then sticking them to some cardboard.
the person is applying glue using glue gun in the half cut water bottles and sticking them together.
a tutorial to make something with empty plastic bottles
person with a glass box in his hand, which contains some precious object.
a person is playing an instrument encased in a glass case
a musical box in a person's hand.
an old music box under glass with a nice delicate melody
a little music box plays.
a musical instrument set up within a glass box generates music.
a video showing a musical device demo.
a man hold a box music when he turns on , the box music play a relaxing sound
the gears from the music box were clear through the box.
a man holds a music box, which is playing, in his hand
teachers are teaching kids about the alphabet.
a animal wearing a purple sasquatch costume is teaching a frog child what the letter a sounds like.
a cartoon video teaching a to children
a childrens' cartoon with purple fluffy character and the letter a/
a violet monster talks with a little boy about the letter a
a little kid watches two people talk to each other while one of them takes a mask off.
the clip show a cartoon character dressed as a monster which teaches the letter a.
a big purple monster suited dog is talking to a frog and teaching him the phonetic sounds of the alphabet in a cartoon classroom(leapfrog).
a man in a monster suit teach a turtle about the letter a.
the animal with the purple monster suit congratulate the little green kid for a great letter a sound.
a man dresses in black is showing the features of a fridge
the man open the fridge and explain their qualities
a man in a black jacket with a beard talks about one of the models of the refrigerator
a sales associate is explaining the features of a refrigerator.
a person showing the features about refrigerator
the person with black jacket is reviewing the refrigerator.
a salesperson is showing some features of a refrigerator.
a man shares his sentiments on the key specifications of a refrigerator, observable beside the man.
freeze in open the order line check
a black dressed man open the almara and explain
men in the pool for swimming.
a swimming competition was conducted in a swimming pool.  the competitors are ready to swim in the swimming costume
a swimmer is practicing for a swimming contest in a swimming field with encouragement from the fans who are dancing near the pool
some boys are dancing , some are in the pool
there are many swimmers in a swimming pool
several swimmers celebrating, then some in the pool to swim
a swimmer is waiting in his lane in the water before pushing off into the pool.
boys are playing swimming pool
the man is about to race in the water olympics.
many peoples enjoying in the swimming pool with party
a woman dressed in purple is holding an invoice
a women near by a  yellow car shows a parking ticket and tells about it.
the man check to the papers, and she is explain to him.
a woman shows a bill and man explains there a big change in bill amount in 15 days from 35 dollars to 70 dollars
a women with the parking ticket is standing near a yellow car
a white woman is holding a paper in front of a car and telling something
a woman wearing blue dollars beside a yellow car showing the bill of 70 us dollars
a woman in a purple shirt next to a yellow car
a lady standing beside a yellow car, showing some documents .
a girl give the details about the car in front of camera
a coffee advert set in the location of a star trek scene.
a lady with red and back suit on is sitting down on the chair in a lab.
woman character of a movie using a black and red clothing sitting in a chair
a woman sit down and speaking about nebula
a woman in space suits speaks to a person and then sits down in a chair.
the female talks something and sits and gives a command
showed a scene from a movie with this actress.
there is a person who is sitting in the chair and enjoying themselves
a women wearing red suit give the command to some one and sat down in the chair
a star trek commanding officer is asking a person to change the ship's course in order to travel to a nebula for coffee.
a huge colorful spider is standing still in alert position
some guy is singing for super boy tv series  and he is wearing green mask and cape
a voice explaning the ranging sizes of a spider.
a person is describing  about a spider shape and size
a man narrates a video about a small spider.  the spider is black with a red front and bluish back side.  the spider is standing on exposed soil.
a man is explaining about a beetles in the forest and also it's structure.
research the red and black spider body length.
spider with red head and black body
a black spider is shown as a grassy area is then quickly shown.
showing kind of spider species.
a woman stands on stage while talking to someone.
a woman is talking while a ballerina walks on a stage.
a woman dressed in grey clothe addressing some people
the woman walks around in a nice ballerina outfit and makes a great movement
a woman with ballet outfit and hairstyle is talking on the stage.
a woman wearing tight clothing has her arms crossed and is being directed on the character of the swan queen by another person behind the camera.
a woman describes a situation in a ballet.
an instructor gives remarks to a dancer dressed in pink.
a ballerina walks around as another woman narrates
a woman is litening to another woman
some penguins are in picture with a kneeling himan at a pebble lined beach, a down coated baby pokes around the person's bags looking for food then starts to leap over bag but video ends.
penguins are on a beach and one looks like he is trying to get into a bag.
a rookery of penguins walk about with a person kneels as music plays in the background.
a black and white penguin with an open red beak looks at and jumps onto  a red nylon bag with a black handle.
three penguins in a chilly environment, and the penguin at the front of the camera jumps off the ground.
two penguins walk around a beach while a person kneels behind them.
penguins on land and a person sitting behind them .
a group of penguins are near the ocean, while a man kneels and watches.
someone is watching a video of penguin on a beach.
the penguins are walking along the ground near the water.
seabed with shark swimming and divers looking around.
two divers record images of a shark, then show the corpse
a scuba diver swimming in the water with a shark nearby
the shark going on the ocean.  some people to take the video in the sea.
two divers near whom a large shark swims.
there is shark fish swimming in water
a white shark swims very close to a man in a diving suit.
skydiver dives to film a shark in the natural habitat.
a video of divers taking footage of a great white shark.
a beautiful whale swims in the beautiful sea and enjoy its time with a man
it is bob esponja making a joke: are you busy busy o just busy?
squidward tentacles is angry with spongebob, spongebob reacts calmly with squidward tentacles.
spongebob cartoon showing the stressed mollusc squid with the sponge bob.
spongebob square pants has his face smashed and continues talking once his face gets back to normal.
a cartoon movie where the character is hit by a broom
the mollusc squid fighting with the spongebob.
two animated characters doing funny things around
sponge bob was happy as always but squid ward was angry.
mollusc squid fighting and kneading sponge bob's face.
a cake with human face in yellow color speaking to the old man in the cartoon,
beautifully colored chicks are walking in the cage and making sound.
there are different colors of  chicks
red, pink, green and yellow baby chicks chirp and hang out in a wicker basket.
chicks of various colors of pink, green, red and yellow cheep and hop in a basket.
lots of chicken with different colors are playing
many chicks are sounded
we have the option to grow chicken of different colors.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
baby chicks dyed multiple colours are standing inside a cage making peeping noises.
there are a bunch of colorful chicks in a field.
an under bridge car park with two cards one with blue cover and other with red parked there.
the picture with some text is displayed with a music.
a blue covered and red covered cars in a parking area and the a car starting sound in background.
we can see a kind of intro for a television or inrenet program
underground parking area contains two cars, and it covers with blue and red color cloths
a parking garage with two cars, one is covered with a red car cover and the other is covered with a blue one.
an underground car park with two covered cars - one covered in blue, the other in red and the words new video everyday in the foreground
a parking area with two cars covered and saying to subscribe to their channel.
two cars were in parking area one is small and covered with blue cover and the big one with red.
there is a sound that fast cross of a car
a red car with an open hood and the engine exposed.
in this video we can see a car engine
inside the hood that hides the iron heart and all its horses that bring this beauty to life!
a video full of shows car mechanical parts
a man speaks about the characteristics of a honda motor.
the hood of a car is open and the engine is showing
a red car engine from close to far
a explanation about car engine parts
a bonnet of a red car is kept opened and one person explains about the parts.
a car engine shows with different parts
the two persons are doing gymnastics in the mat and talking.
there are two girls jumbing in the outdoor
two girls enjoying doing gymnastics in the garden
very biggest place and play for girls jump and yoga like me.
woman and girl show gymnastic exercises on a rug on the lawn
a lady with a kid doing somersault on mats.
a lady and a guest are doing aerobics outside by the bay.
the two womens are doing excercise in green grass
two females did a cartwheel on an athletic mat in the middle of a grassy area.
there are two girls outside doing acrobacies and talking to the camera
two people are very busy talking to each other
two persons are face to face have speaking
two guys talking about some situation and discussing it is funny or not
two characters are talking about how funny or not funny something was.
two men, one black and the other white, talking.
two persons were interacting where one man apeaks out with guesture while the other answers with same reaction
two guys in suits talking to each other.
two men in suits talking to each other.
teo people wearing black coats are having some conversation
two men are arguing whether an earlier precedent was funny or not.
one little spider man is watching something and suddenly big spider man is calling
the encounter between spiderman and his miniature
a child dressed as spider-man confronts a villain as the real spider-man arrives to handle the situation.
a kid dressed up as spiderman is looking around at a destroyed city and finds the real spiderman.
boy dressed as superhero spider-man faces villain and is surprised by the real spider-man behind him
spiderman talks to kid in a makeup spiderman costume, who is currently staring down a mecha until spiderman talks to him.
the small spiderman is talking to big spiderman.
a little kid dressed as spiderman looking around.
a small child wearing a spider-man costume meets the real spider-man.
a kid dressed up as spider-man hears someone call out for spider-man turns around and sees another spider-man.
a computer screen displays a small parcel of land surrounded by water under a cloudy sky.
a reviewer describes the technical features of apple macbook screen that shows a picture of a lake and small rock island.
a video showing certain features of the imac
a monitor showing wallpaper.
a large rock is the background of somones computer
he is very different one and look for add and biggest one water.
a photo of a large rock in the middle of a body of water saved as a computer screensaver.
there is a personal computer home screen and a man describes it from background
a rock is at the center of the river
the person is talking about the computer with home screen in the background.
plateia having a lot of fun with the presentation of a man using suit
a comedian performing on stage while the audience is laughing.
a man in a suit without a tie and wearing glasses talking to an audience
a man with black suit and gray shirt makes people laugh.
a man with a dark jacket and glasses performs comedy onstage in monterey california.
a white man in a black suit with a white shirt and glasses talking to a crowd.
a guy in a black and white suit is doing stand-up comedy
a man in a black suit talking while his audience is laughing.
a man in a black suit standing on a black stage.
the man is some topic to speaking and they are all laughing
a man explains about a particular tree, and a lady comments on that.
a person holding some tree leaves and showing someting
a men explaine the features of a plant and its leaf
a man is showing around some plants and touching them.
a man and a woman is talking about a plant by holding its leaves.
a man is saying that this is his favorite form of thing
two persons are discussing about plants in their garden
a pair of man's hands manipulate leaves on a plant.
a guy is touching the green plant and showing everyone that't his favourite back home.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a girl singing from a high tower building.
it's dark and a woman is walking in a palace
a drama queen singing like a princess from a castle tower
a woman wearing long purple dress walking slowly in a room which is dark outside
woman in long purple princess dress walks up to a huge window in a tower
the is looking outside of the balcony as the song plays.
a lady with a flowing dress making her way to a stage.
in this video we can see a woman with red dress singing in a video
woman wearing purple dress sings heading towards a balcony
display of the princess in a pent house dressed in purple clothing.
group of four boys are singing along with their guitars on their hands and some musicians are sitting behind them and playing their instruments for them
there is a music team sing a song on the stage
musicians are performing in front of large crowd
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
the rock band is performing on the stage
musical group composed of men during a presentation to a large plateau
a musical ensemble performs in public
cowboys are delivering a live performance on stage about the beauties and hardships of being a cowboy.
four man with guitars in a stage singing and a close up in one of them
some persons are playing guitars and singing a song
a person sleeping in the dressing bag and watching photos
a little boy is in an open suitcase in the back of a car and a lady offscreen hands him a camera and tells him she loves him.
a woman hands a video camera to a boy in a green t-shirt who is curled inside an open suitcase inside a car.
a child hides it in a suitcase
a woman giving a child in a suit case his camera.
the mother is handing over a handycam to her son lying in a luggage.
the boy will try to film himself in a suitcase.
a mother giving camera to her son and give kisses to him
a child in a green shirt is inside the purple suitcase
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a puppy gets really cozy and is relaxing throughout the day
a fluffy dog sleeping wearing a diaper.
a brown dog wearing a diaper on a bed.
a dog in a cute outfit is trying to sleep on the couch.
there is a brown poodle that is in an interesting costume.
a dog in a child`s clothing is seated sleeping, on a couch, it stretches.
a brown dog wearing a tiny blue outfit.
a cute fluffy pupply lays on a pretty pink cover enjoying some sleep time.
a little dog is cuddles up on a couch trying to sleep and is dressed in a diaper.
there is a dog in the bed wearing a baby clothes.
a person sitting in the middle of another man and a girl is explaining about markers.
a man in a green shirt is demonstrating pens laid out in front of him while the people sitting on his side look on.
a man in blue checkered shirt describing a black marker to the person beside them
a man sitting next to a girl and another man talking about various pens.
there are three people among them one of the person is explaining about the color sketchs
a man sitting at the table with some people talking about the brush specs.
a man sitting between two other people is talking about some pens that are on a table.
a seated man talks about different markers
a guy explains different types of pens along with a guy and a girl.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a carry-on luggage with roll wheels at the back and spinner wheels at the front for effortless travel.
two women are climbing down the excavator and a video has played of suit case
some guy explaining the the troller bag that they have purchased
a men and women are walking with a trolly bag
a bag for travelling has rotating wheels which make it easy to turn and spin on the floor.
of people at the airport with towable suitcase
this video shows a suitcase with two white wheels and two sppiner wheels
a highly engineered suitcase to make its use more user-friendly
two girls are traveled in escalator and explain the travel bag
the advertisement about suitcase with rolling wheel and explained the fitting method.
two men are on stage singing a song.
two singers singing, with vocals behind, and several people playing various musical instruments
we can see a tv show where 2 singers are on stage
some guy is singing and dancing  and also people enjoying
seal and michael bolton are performing on stage together with an orchestra behind them.
two men are singing on a stage while wearing black outfits.
a man in a dress shirt and another in a suit sing while another musician plays the piano.
a white and black man are singing together on a stage in such a beautiful way.
two singers - a big black man and a thin white man sing together one song on stage
a musicial concert is going and two singers are singing a song
person gets into his car, starts, fastens his seat belt and leaves the parking lot
a person gets into the driver's seat of a car and closes the door.
a  man inside a car closes the door, on the key, change the gear and starts the car.
a person sits a car and prepares to start it.
a person is just checking on the interiors of his car
i get in the car, put his belt on and started the car.
a man is ready to drive a car
the man was action to start the car driving.
someone evaluating a beautiful car before starting
a man is driving a car and go out from the parking
an animated dinosaur is looking at her eggs
a dinosaur is holding the dinosaur egg standing by the nest of the dinosaur eggs.
its a jurassic egg has withe her hands
the dinosaur standing and holding an egg in his hand
the graphic dragon holding a dragon egg and waving
an artificial dinosaur holding an egg and watching over other eggs in the nest.
the dinosaur is carrying an egg and a man is talking in the background.
funny video, it looks really real, very well done and made
a dinosaur holding what looks like an oval ball.
an animated dinosaur is shown in garden holding an egg in hands
the song day after day in a concert for the audience.
a music show where they presenting show with band
there is a guy just hanging out and talking on stage with his guitar
a country band is performing a song live. the audience applauds as this particularly popular song starts to play.
group of people playing instrument and and singing a song
number of guitarist showing their performance in an open area
a crowd applauding a group while they start to sing
several musicians play their instruments in a performance and soon after a man starts to sing.
men in an audience sing and play for an audience
in a music show singer starts singing all peoples are embracing to hear that music with song.
a man in a red jumpsuit speaks to a woman standing to his right wearing a blue jumpsuit.
man in red and black core uniform talks to woman wearing blue and black uniform
a man and woman talking to each others
a lady describing the level of infection to a man.
two old people are discussing some important topic
man and woman in star trek outfits describing an important medical matter.
a lady and a man talking discussing about something they have observed.
a men and women were talking each other
a blond woman in a black and blue uniform and a bald man with a black and red one are talking
men and women speaking some one else inside the room
in the hospital two doctors walking on the floor and access the id card to enter into the room.
you see a building as if it were a hospital and they show us two doctors walking towards a door where an access card is requested
a building is shown. then two persons are walking down a corriodor. they are wearing lab coats. one of them opens a locked door via keycard.
video that seems to have been shot in past years, doesn't tell me much
a white house looks like hospital and t hen two doctors are walking inside.
the building in the row come to the doctors in the hospitals.
two doctors of a white hospital are walking towards a patient's room
two professionals seems to be walking on the corridor
two doctors with white coat is walking one is taking his id card and shows for biometric
initially a ivory color building displaying than in a lobby 2 doctor are walking and one doctor take out his id card and show to scanner
stand-up show with a china guy in china language
a boy holding a mike and addressing the people from the stage in a foreign language.
a person is presenting a voice show on the scene
a white and black colour shirt and gray colour pant wearing boy performing in stage
a young asian boy talking on the mike on the stage
a man is performing a mimicry show on the stage
a boy is running on stage performing mimicry of pistol sounds
a young guy rushes to the stage with a mike talking very curiously.
i  believe this is a stand up comedian who is speaking asian.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a team with yellow top and other team with blue top are playing football in a stadium with large audience.
the men in yellow and the men in blue are playing football each other.
a player shot a freekick and make a wonderful goal
a football match between yellow and blue color jersey teams where yellow team hit a goal.
a soccer free kick results in a goal. the audience applauds.
the male soccer player wearing a yellow uniform, kicks the ball into the opponent's net.  the sun half covered the soccer field as the player in yellow kicked the ball into the goal.
players are playing foot ball in the statdium
players are playing football in stadium with full of audiances
football player try to put a goal with audience engaragement
players stand in position for a penalty kick and the player puts a goal.
wooden floor tiles slowly coming off of the floor in a dark room.
a guitar solo is playing the background of an image with a man standing barefoot.
in this still video, gloomy guitar music is playing, and a corridor is shown, with the feet of an older person being planted on the floor.
something floats in the background behind someone's bare feet.
a person standing in front of a levitating floor board.
a person is standing in a hallway with a ray of light shining on a slat of wood raising from the floor as intense piano music plays.
a rhythmic musical instrumental played along a corridor.
infront of a man in a house, under ground is opened with a magic
a man is standing on a floor made with wooden boards, and one piece of board is came out.
someone is standing on a passageway indoors, a piece of floor is rising up few inches above ground between their legs.
two men fighting, one of whom landed a straight punch in the face of the other, with many people around.
an actor punching a guy in one movie
man beat someone and run away
a dark haired man wearing a black leather coat, punches a male to the ground.
trailer from the movie with the fight and the departure of the hero
there is a man hit another person infront of others
scene from a film showing a man punching another.
a movie clipping were played with a man knocked out with a punch.
a movie clip of a man punching another man in the fact then walking away.
a man punches another man in front of a woman and some children.
persons are sitting around big tree and playing musical instrument.
a group of artist sit all around the tree trunk and sing and play their instruments.
a band sitting and singing around a tree with each having a musical instrument in hand.
there are some people sitting around a tree singing and playing instruments.
a group of musicians is playing music while sitting under a tree.
several men and women are around a tree singing and playing guitar
a musical group is sitting around a tree singing and playing their instruments.
a band is singing a song in a music video.
two men and two women siting around a tree and singing and three of them are with guitar and one man with a hand drum.
some people playing instruments around a big tree
a woman pets a rodent as it falls asleep.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a female showing how to make a little rat like animal fall asleep.
a woman is petting a gopher or some kind of rat.
a woman is putting a squirrel to sleep with specific movement with the hand
a girl with his hand finger lightly pulling cat whiskers
a hand with black fingernails gently strokes the face and chest a groundhog.
documentary about a squirrel, with narration and caption
a woman gently pets a squirrel's face.
a hand with black finger nails caressing a brown animal with whiskers.
politician talking about fleet of military ships
person speaking and seeing ships at sea
a man talking on investment followed by clip of a ship in the ocean.
a navy officer is giving a speech  showing the ships
a man in a blue suit speaks about oceans.
two ships are  slowly sailing on the sea water
the black suit person speaks with great gesture
it is like a documentary where a person is talking, the sea and two ships are shown
man talks about the navy,wher a ship in white color is sailing.
a vetaren  on t.v describing about a ship
two people talk to each other while riding in a truck.
a police car approaches another vehicle in a dark alley and tries to get someone's attention.
two people sit in a dark van pulling into an alley.
a large truck drives down an alley at night.
there some guy telling someone to get in the car rudely
two police officers driving in a van and waiting for construction to clear their path.
a police officer is puzzled by the behavior of another person and stops his car.
two people in an ambulance pull up into an area.
two police officers in a vehicle going down an alley.
there are two people in a police car and they are going down an alley way.
a worker placing and hammering a roof shingle on a roof.
the man stitch in the nail of a board.
a man with a hammer hits a nail into a part of a roof.
man in grey pants plants nails into stone tiles with a hammer.
a man nailing a sheet using a hammer
a man hit the nail by a hammer
a man is giving a tutorial on how to repair a shingle.
a carpenter showing how to nail the roof of a house
a man is hammering a nail on new corrugated roof tiles.
a man fixing the black color sheet using nail and hammer.
a person is talking to another person while an arrow hovers over her face.
a woman with pink hair speaks to another woman while an arrow appears in the foreground
lady in white talking and cooking in the background
two people were talking about a person who looked like they wanted to grill food
two people in a restaurant talking to a waiter
an arrow is in the face of a young woman who talks to another young woman while a man speaks in the background.
there are two women sitting, look at eachother, one women smiling, sky blue arrow on the screen.
there is a girl talking to her friend and the camera
two girls are talking  to each other and discussing  something
a man is pointing out the fact that another man is cooking in a bucket.
a girl is speaking to man, and the man is hair style to explain the girl
a girl with the white top on is giving a guy with black top on a pony tail on the top of his head.
a woman is operating the trimmer to shape hair of a man
a man with tied up hair is sitting while waiting for a woman with a hair trimmer in her hand
a woman sits on a counter and laughs at someone next to her.
a lady seems to be having some fun working on a guy
a girl is cutting hair for a boy and talking about it.
a woman appears to be shaving a man's hair or face.
a woman is asking if he sees any difference
a girl is laughing and speaking with the man
a man wearing a tank top does a backflip on a trampoline.
tutorial for a new installed fun bed in the yard.
a person does a backflip on a trampoline and narrates afterwards.
a male showing how to do workouts or excercises on a trampoline.
a man with blue shorts and black shirt doing somersault flips in a trampoline and asking for subscribers for his channel.
a man is jumping on a jumping pad followed he speaks to subscribe.
a man gives a back flip jump in a trampoline
guy in a t-shirt and shorts shows how to jump on a trampoline
a man in a tank top doing acrobatics on a trampoline
the boy jumping in wooden table and speaking video
an old man trimmed his hair and showing it around
a gray haired man is cutting his own hair using a trimmer and showing sides of his head.
a man is grooming his hair using a trimmer.
a man showing the operation of a hair clipper.
a man with white hair is shaving his own hair.
a person is demonstrating how to trim hair.
a red colored t shirt man trimming his hair
a guy with blond hair and red shirt is shaving his own hair.
a man using a clipper to barb his hair by himself in a room.
the person trim the hair and shave the hair
a lady is fixing her hair in the mirror.
a white lady supporting a poofed blown out hairstyle.
a brunette woman is playing with and fluffing her full bodied hair.
a dark-haired woman is arranging her hair and posing for photos as the camera zooms in through a ring light.
this woman has wild hair.
a pretty lady is fluffing up her big hair and there is light music playing.
a woman touches her hair while looking in a mirror.
a girl with black dress is seeed of doing a hair shoot
a woman stands behind a circular object and uses her hands to fix her hair.
the woman is fixing her hair as she stands on the grass outside.
a man is talking while scrolling through an aviation website.
a man's voice explains about a website that shows different models of aircraft.
a man informs about elitas travel which indicates an incident happened earlier with it.
a website showing many airplanes models
someone is scrolling down on a website which contains pictures of helicopters and airplanes.
webpage showing a selection of aircraft and prices.
shows a page on the internet with various models of airplanes
a person is explaining about the different types of plains
a website page showing images of small aeroplanes.
various models of helicopters to buy in gta
a baby is playing with a cat and the cat is kicking his head
a baby trying to touch a cat's body and suddenly the cat touches the baby's head
a baby wearing a pink outfit and a blue pacifier plays with an orange cat, and the cat gets irritated and pats the baby on the head.
a baby wearing pink trying to touch the ginger cat. the ginger cat strikes back at the baby swatting with its paws.
baby wearing pink trying to reach a cat that feels scared and hits the baby's head 3 times
a child in pink long sleeve shirt having a soother in his mouth and sitting in his room is trying to play with a cat but the cat beats him on the head
a bay is playing with cat.
cat gets mad at a baby who tries to touch him.
a cat in a couch is hitting a baby that wants to play with it.
a baby wearing pink is hit by an orange cat.
a woman taking care of the child's curly hair
a mother along with her kid covered with towel in front, takes out a cream from a sprayer and going to apply on hair
a woman in a purple shirt dispenses hair product from a pump bottle into her hand while discussing that it. a child in her lap comments.
a lady tries to apply some kind of lotion to a kid.
a mother is looking at some bottle with her kid in lap
a mother is putting conditioner in her daughter's hair and her daughter does not like it.
woman trying to apply nourishing conditioner to a child.
woman reads product description for hair to use on child
a mother is putting lotion to her child after his shower.
mother applying cream on son's hair
there is a match of basket ball
basketball game with a moment of attack by player in white uniform
in the basketball match between white and red color jersey, white just missed a point.
two teams, one in red and other in white are playing basketball.
two teams playing basketball with the packed stadium one wears a red uniform and the other white uniform and the white uniform advances with the ball to make the sixth and the player making the sixth is knocked into the air.
in a basket ball ground the white dressed team put a goal against red dressed team.
a basket ball team taking the ball to stage and misses it, so taken by another player.
players are playing basketball in the stadium
the player with the basketball runs toward the basket and shoots it.
some guys are  playing basketball and one guy shooting the ball on the basket
a couple kissing and hugging, with audience watching and cheering
a dance competition that dancers thrilled with the performance
one of the best couple dancing memorable winning moment!
a couple hugged and kissed each other and audience are clapping for them.
the couple hugged each other after they finished performing.
a lady is leaning on a guy shoulder crying as the crowd applauded
a women and men hugging and kissing on the stage
heartbreaking interaction of couple which is being watched sadly by the friends.
a lady and a boy is hugging and kissing on the stage while the audience is expressing their happiness by standing.
a very emotional woman because she won a prize on tv
an asian girl doing a magic trick with a glass of pepsi and fireworks
how to safely burn a sparkler is being demonstrated.
a girl showing a way of not getting burned by holding a kind of candle.
a girls fire  a light by putting a glass over the hand
a girl is lighting firecrackers and saving her hand from burning by covering it with a pepsi cup.
a girl is demonstrating a technique on how to prevent minor burns upon using a sparkler.
a girl using a pepsi cup to safely use a sparkler.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a girl is showing how to burn fire crackers safely
a young woman playing with a sparkler getting burned, then playing with another sparkler this time with a cup over her hand.
a woman talks about a part of the brain.
a caveman character is shown then a brain comes in, and text and arrows are placed over it
a picture of a brain and a women speaking about its nueropathways.
a man speaks while a brain info graphic runs in the background.
a visual of the brain with a narrator explaining what is being shown.
there is a picture of a caveman and the human brain
there is a female voice that talks about the mesocorticolimbic dopamine reward pathway.
a woman talking about pathways in the brain with a caveman and brain illustrated in background.
the large animated figure is shown in the advertsisement.
a video talking about a certain part of out brain that remembers something when we experience a thing that is important for our survival.
mushrooms sprout and grow in super-slow-motion in a clip from next observer.
animated frog is sitting on a rock is being shown
the things under sea water such as plants are being observed.
there are a bunch of wild mushrooms that are growing quickly.
a natural scene is taking place in the woods and the screen then goes green with the words next observer.
a timelapse of mushrooms and various other flora are shown.
a title introduction named next observer with graphic display in which flowers or mushroom opening slowly in a natural environment
in a animated movie the two  mushrooms are growing in the rocks
a time lapse showing the growth of mushrooms and other small plants.
there are jellyfish and different corals underwater.
a group of people with luggage stand in line at an airport.
people waiting in line in front of an indian airport.
a people are standing in the public place
a tv news show people in a public setting wearing masks
several people queuing for boarding at the airport
various people wearing maks are standing around during a news report.
a foreign male talking at a sports event.
reports from the queue at the airport in asia
passengers are waiting in the lounge with their luggage and keeping social distance.
all people are waiting in the airport
in a restaurant or cafeteria, a man cuts a loaf of bread and prepares it for filling.
a person handling bread cutting one part of bread
a man talks about a particular type of foreign bread in a video.
a man with tattoos has gloves on and is cutting bread
a cook with blue hygienic gloves cuts a salty focaca-style bread in half with a bread knife, while explaining in italian the characteristics of the bread
a person with blue hand gloves cutting bread using long knife
a chef wearing blue gloves is cutting bread with a knife
man with gloves in hand and an apron with his tattooed arm slicing bread with a huge knife on a counter with protective glass
man slicing bread into three different pieces with a large knife.
a man wearing a blue gloves is slicing the bread
the jockey is training the horse and it is running.
a person sitting on the horse making it jump from the fence and ride on the grass field.
the horse is nature place in run to drive in girl.
woman riding a horse with difficulty he pass that obstacle.
horse with difficulty jumping a small obstacle with funny music in the background
a rider on a brown horse shows equestrian jumping tricks with old time music playing in the background.
a horse rider on a horse that is trying to cross a barrier by jumping up.
a horse stomps on a log before jumping over it.
a brown horse with a boy in the saddle jump over an obstacle
the rider is jumping with his horse
a person writing on a white paper with black paint that is storm the castle
a person writes with a painting brush storm the castle in caps.
someone writing text in a white paper
a man is writing storm the castle with a pen on paper.
a man describes how to use a pen and writes 'storm the castle'.
this tutorial is about how to make a quill pen.
a man writing, storm the castle, using a calligraphy pen and ink on a almost blank sheet of paper.
a man writes on white paper with a brush and black ink
there is a person writing in storm the castle with white sheet
writing with pen and black ink on a white sheet
a woman is checking the crispy ness of her garlic bread
woman in blue t-shirt and white pants preparing a snack.
a woman in blue t-shirt slicing bread and separating by hands
a blue colour dressed lady making a burger.
a chef in a blue shirt and white skirt cuts a sandwich in two pieces
a woman in a blue shirt making a sandwhich
a woman in blue t-shirt is slicing the crispy garlic bread with stuffing in a kitchen.
we have a female chef cooking a recipe with meat and bread
a lady prepares a nice and hot sandwich.
a woman cooking in the kichen with somethings in front of her
the muppet babies all play on the floor.
two big orange words with a red heart shape behind.
it is a show about muppet and showing a  lot of bunnies
there is a animation movie with a four character of tom and cherries..
muppet babies cartoon characters are riding the swings and playing around.
enjoy for children's the muppet babies video game
baby muppets playing at home with toys and rocking horse.
opening of a very famous cartoon where the characters are teddy bears
introduction of a very old cartoon called muppet babys.
introduction to the animated series the muppet babies with fozzy bear.
one person in a room telling another person in a room that he found one and both people are laughing.
a man laughing in the game
the streamer is talking and live streaming the gameplay.
of the voices that displace
a screen recording of a game is playing
in this video we can see a minecraft gameplay
fixed scene of a videogame, a road and the buildings on its sides are shown
he is play for online game and wait for enemy coming voice allowance.
someone found something purple in the game that has building and palm trees.
two men video playing game also express her situation
donald duck is going out for fishing.
donald duck walks around and is confused about things
a cartoon character named as donald duck in the mickey mouse club house is walking with an angler in the hand
a cute donald duck is going somewhere with his  fish stick in his hands.
donald duck is standing in a room and holding a fishing pole.
donald duck with fishing rod going forward
donald duck is going for fishing with fishing rod.
donald duck is holding a fishing rod, speaks and goes away.
a duck is just moving slowly inthe cartoon show
donald duck looks around the room while holding a fishing rod then walks off screen.
the person is admitted in the icu, the attender is along with him. the person in the background explains the modern technology and scientific instruments used in icu.
a static image that shows a man in intensive care, while someone talks in the background about new tech in the area in australia.
a men is admitted in hospital with bad injury
an image of a sick and hospitalized person with several medical devices around
a nurse attending and analyse a patient in integrated care room.
hospital room with a doctor taking care of a patient.
commenting on a hospital, someone is hospitalized
a hopital room with someone in a hospital bed on a ventalator
a nurse in blue scrubs checks on a patient.
a person explaining the function and technology of equipment in hospital
clip of a man singing in the forest and a girl dressed in white.
a men is singing a beautiful song for her women with beautiful nature background
a man is wearing gray shirt and navy blue blazer and singing in the forest
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
men singing a song with beautiful voice
a man dressed socially is singing in a forest with trees in the background, a woman appears in white and holds a balloon
there is a man how was singing a song
a man with dark blue suit in the woods is singing a song.
a man signing in the woods with a woman holding a balloon.
we can see a young man singing for a musical work
a person is making pouch with pink woolen socks
a set of lady hands is cutting a sock and gluing a zipper on it.
a person is  tying knot to a woolen socks and attaching a zip with glue on it.
a woman doing a pink color purse using the socks.
a woman is making some kind of pink accessory and demonstrating it step by step.
the gift in the pink color on the screens..
some one is making a hand craft art on blue table
a person is sewing and showing some craft
a woman glued a zipper to a pink sock
a woman's hands can be seen making something out of a pink bag, some thread and a zip.
a person in light blue full sleeve shirt is describing about biker jackets worn by david beckham
two types of black jacckets were used in two methods of film fare
a guy in formals is shaking is hands and talking.
a guy is showing a picture od david beckham and telling some info about it
a person in blue colour t.shirt is telling something about another man
a man is talking about a celebrity.
a man is reporting news about ex football player david beck
a young man is explaining while the pictures of well dressed men are displayed.
a grey shirt man explain about another person
a guy in a shirt talks about one of beckham's outfits
someone is making pancakes and flipping them over
a chef making and flipping a pancake in a frying pan.
a person handles food that looks like an omelet with a spatula.
a rotti is made by atta flour is cooking by someone.
someone bakes a pancake in a black pan with a red circle with a black plastic spatula
person making pancakes in a black nonstick skillet.
man is cooking a piece of bread in a pan.
a chef making bun in his pan
the pancake is fried in a black pan with a red circle, turned over by a black plastic spatula
someone is making and flipping a pancake on a skillet.
the water in the wash basin is turned to red color with song playing in the background.
a sink overfllows a bathroom sink with red liquid in reverse.
a nice animate clip and wounderful song been played in the background.
automatic cleaning in wash basin
a video of sink is playing and the colors of the table are changing
in the bath room wash basin blood overflows video running in the reverse.
the colours on the sink top are vanishing and also the colours in the sink are changing to red.
a music with fading of color in the wash base
a violet colored water around the sink in toilet is drained by itself and goes inside the sink as red color
colours are changing on the counter top and a bright red light apperared on washbasin
a male voice describes the cooking process of garlic bread while a cook turns theslices over i
a man speaks as circular bread is being tossed on a pan and put into an oven.
a man makes baked potatoes and puts them into the oven.
a guy is narrating how the baking of his potatoes is going, he takes the potatoes out of the oven and puts them back in.
someone is baking and putting them back in the oven.
a person is baking some items in the oven and he is describing how, after 15 minutes, they are close to being done, but he is not quite satisfied and puts them back in the oven.
a man turns over potato slices and puts them back into the oven.
a tutorial on how to cook potato wedges flat
a man narrates his experience cooking food.
a rack of buttered golden potatoes are flipped and put into the oven.
an engineer explaining the interior of the construction with yellow cap.
a carpenter is giving a final touch to the roof before finishing it.
a man in construction workclothes and a yellow hard hat stands on a plank high off the ground, next to a roof, and explains what he will do.
a builder is on scaffolding on the roof of a house
lumberjack-looking man talks about covering the house.
a person in hat is explaining something in a room
carpenter explaining the process of building a wooden house
one person in red checked colour shirt with cap telling about something
a worker stood on a plank is explaining something.
showing a work done by him.
a gold chain necklace with intricate shell  and gold design
this beautiful necklace will please the women in your life today.
a simple music video displaying a women's necklace on a display with music.
a beautiful necklace with pendant
the manican has the necklace on top of it.
there is a person who is wearing a chain and there is some music playing in the background.
a gold and silver necklace still .
a gold necklace set with diamonds sits unmoving on a black mannequin while upbeat music plays in the backround.
a pendant on a gold chain being displayed on a black necklace holder tab.
some one is watching a video of a necklace.
a person in a flight is watching another flight flying in the sky.
a large plane flies by  another plane engine.
an airplane flies slightly ahead and alongside another airplane.
a white plane flies in the sky as a person speaks about it.
a white flight is flying on the blue sky
the two airplanes are going to race in the sky.
a white plane in the blue sky transmission tower overtaking information
a smaller plane is viewed from a larger plane.
someone on a flying plane filming another flying plane close to it.
two planes in the sky simultaneously with nearby routes and in the same direction
many animals running away to the same direction
a voice narrates and asks if the world could repair itself if humans disappeared, as wild animals are shown stampeding in a rocky area.
there are a bunch of animals that are running up a hill.
there are lots of animals running very fast and sky is the very cloudy.
a herd of animals running in the same direction in their natural habitat.
so many goats are running in the mountain
a mountain seen in which dear running in group
a group of animals are running to the next location
a flock of animals are running fast, near hills.
a large group of animals running on the forest area
a man hug the women and say something to her
very sad events and that old guy cry for hero death.
the person is serious condition on the board. dark mode in room.
it is scene from thor dark world the person dies on the odins lap
old bearded man wearing medieval clothes sitting on the floor cries with a dead woman on his lap.
a man holds a dead lady in his arms
an old man touch the  face of the   woman laying
a man is stroking a woman's head either to wake her up, or mourning her death.
trailer - a man in armor bent over a wounded beauty
man shares a moment of love with his deceased son in a grim fantasy universe.
some persons are doing a stage performance dancing
men and women dancers are twirling gracefully on stage.
a group of dancers danced to classical music.
a musical play with lots of dancers is colorful outfits
a group of dancers in costume perform on stage.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a theater performance with actors and actresses in a show
two girls group ready to perfome some dance.
people are on stage and performing some sort of act.
a woman in a white tutu is performing ballet dance while a crowd is around her
a children's music video featuring six animated bumble bees.
a formation of bees approaches the flower fields.
six yellow bees are moving one by one and one bee is standing on the tree
number of butterflies are flying around in cartoon clip
there are a lot of bees that are buzzing and looking for flowers.
the bees are flying with sing a song
many bees are flying and singing song happily
an animated bee is on a large white flower while 6 little bees with smiley faces go buzzing by to a bee song being played.
a swarm of bees is flying in the garden to collect nectar as one busy bee is sitting on a flower
a cute kids rhymes, very beautiful to hear and see.
the wind is blowing too hard in a storm. it is carrying stuffs with it.
scene of a strong wind with a split net
the effect of a wind storm recorded on a video camera.
we are seeing the pictures of storm.
rural landscape with a rainy climate and strong winds
damage being caused to a house as a result of heavy wind and bad weather.
a view of wind blowing and things being  blown out
vehicle is moving at a high speed in the day time
effects of cyclone on the environment
strong wind is running out side of a bus in a park
screen shot walkthrough of how to set up a steam account.
the working screen of the computer on which some processes are explained
software tutorial video with a male narration
i see a short video
a tutorial of how to do something with some software
this was a tutorial on how to stream from the web.
a tutorial for a computer product with a male narrator and a dark screen.
a person is talking about something on steam.
a computer screen showing an opened web browser.
a computer application screen grab explaining about the sequence of operation
a clown performs a standing balancing trick on top of another clown.
some one is watching the circus and the joker is doing some trick.
a circus where clowns are preforming a balancing act.
the clown is standing on the balance beam and doing a trick.
a clown is a circus is steeping on a roll and a small board that is on the feet of another clown.
there is a lot of people and clowns doing circus acts
this is blancing act that clowns can even do today.
two accrobats; one lies prone on the ground with his legs lifted behind his back, his mate balances on two flat boards placed on the former, there is a roller cylinder between the boards and people cheer them on
a circus clown balances on top of another circus clown on a purple floor.
a clown performs by balancing on top of a board being held up by another clown performer below with his feet.
a woman with a black hat walking with her back turned, suddenly turns around frightened
a girl wearing cap is walking and suddenly turned back
an indian girl with black hat and red top is surprised when turns around.
a young lady holding peacock feathers is startled from behind from something in a forest.
girl is in forest area  to take a film right too
a girl with a red blouse walks in a grassland and is scared by someone behind her.
a girl walking wears red clothes and a black hat
a capped women walking alon and suddenly back
the female is walking and she got scared and turns and starring.
a person is stalking a girl and girl getting socks
in cookery show a person is adding brown sugar and oil in a bowl
a person is mixing some spices with a fork and then adds then into something else.
a girl pick up the bowl and adding some ingredients
the cook is mixing the ingredients in bowl.
a person is mixing something in a bowl
a person prepares a recipe by placing several ingredients in the container.
a hand is putting ingredients into a bowl and mixing them together.
a glaze recipe is in progress with olive oil and brown sugar being mixed in a bowl.
recipe preparation with plastic meter, very good in its right measurement, great for cakes
someone is mixing something in this drink with spanish music in the background.
a curious ginger cat is inspecting the yellow baby ducks.
a young cat plays with three chicks in a home
a cat seen the hens and both are play well.
the cat and three yellow chicks.
the cat and three chicks.
the cat comes slowly and try to eat the chicks
a cat is coming closer to three little chicks slowly and thinking to eat them.
a brown cat is slowly coming near white chickens.
cat getting close to three baby chicks in a cardboard box
an orange kitten playing with three ducklings in a disassembled cardboard box
airplanes and military vehicles fly in a dust storm around a giant bird monster dragon.
the supersonic high tech space fighters are flying high in the red sky.
a mixture of dragons and aircraft fly though the air.
a huge weird creature has turnover the world and creating a chaos on land and air.
an unnatural creation like a huge bird fights with flying helicopters.
there are a bunch of aircrafts and then there is a big scary dragon.
monsters and spaceships in a gloomy sky fighting each other.
a squadron of futuristic planes and choppers flying in a dense dust storm among huge dragon-like beasts.
a very big and danger eagle attacking on aeroplanes.
the scene form a movie where airplane and fighter jets are flying.
a bunch of pastries are laid out on a table in two bowls with some sort of condiment next to them.
plate with various churros and a cup of coffee
there is a food in a plate and drink in a cup on a table
yummy snacks are paced on the table with sauce,and are  ready to be eaten
there is a basket of churros, a plate with a single churro, and a bowl of chocolate dipping sauce on the table.
a white bowl with dipping sauce with churros beside it.
a video showing various baked products and a cup of honey.
the fried snacks is served with coffee on the table.
some eatables are placed in different plates kept in a table
a dish of long pastries with sugar on them and a bowl of dipping sauce.
a girl is doing a flower painting.
the lady is doing a painting.
a hand holding a panbrush is adding color strokes to a pink flower painting.
female hand painting japanese flowers in waterclolors
music is played a woman paints the details of a flower on a canvass.
running a paint brush and painting on a flower
a female holds a paintbrush and adds touches to a pink flower on canvas.
a person colouring the flowers and decorated the flowers
relatively intricate fine art is being made. it depicts a colorful flower.
artist is detailing the flower drawing with the brush.
a person in a black shirt with long hair holds a glue gun in their right hand.
he is telling us how to use the glue.
a man is explaining how to make a craft with glue.
a female with a glue gun squeezes the glue gun and then wipes off the extra glue.
person instructs another person in a black shirt how to safely glue a component to another component.
a man narrates as a woman in a black t shirt demonstrates how to make a craft using a hot glue gun.
a person applies hot glue to an object while a commentary describes this action.
the person is shooting something with the fruit.
a women in black t shirt gluing some thing.
lady tries and make her own product in the comfort of her own home
the crew in the space ship working hard to ensure the ship fly well.
two men in red and yellow, aboard the star trek, commnicate.
a man sitting in a chair is looking in to a computer screen.
two characters from star trek and a man talking about tactil pannels.
three spacecraft crew in a control room analyzing data on a dashboard
a space man dressed in red and black is talked to by another man in yellow and black garments.
a star trek character is sitting down and playing with some type of device.
a person is looking at led and a person is sitting on chair
a man at a network exchange talking to a friend about a problem
a star wars movie a man in yellow and another in red in a spaceship cabin saying about film
beatiful girl is singing in english
there is a woman is singing and walking on the street
a girl speaking in another girl
a woman is singing in a music video.
a black dressed girl singing a song.
a beautiful woman is singing in a dark scenario
a girl is walking on the street and singing a song.
a blonde women moving her head closing her eyes and singing.
young blonde woman singing with the lights of a city in the background.
a lady was sing a song awesomely
a black colored car with showing their features
a person explaining features about gmc car. a car is 6.2 litre va truck forward drive with a magnetic drive control
the person is talking about the fuel tank capacity of the car.
some guy is explaining the about black car to someone else
the car was so beautiful like the mg hector.
a man is presenting a black pickup truck inside a garage.
a black car is there and a man is explaining about the car
a advertisement of a new branded car.
a black color car explained in the car mechanic shop where tools are set in order aside.
a person shows a gmc muscle drive walking around it.
a diagram of a small reading light being shown at different angles.
light designed for e-reading being displayed in all its functionality.
a boy is telling about benq wit lamps that they are perfectly designed for  doing e-book reading
in this video we can see a lamp made for e-reading
person who speaks by briefly describing a design object
a commercial for a lamp that will help with e-reading in the dark.
a graceful appearing desk lamp is posed and viewed with a voice-over describing its virtues.
a silver microphone stand is being displayed in front of a dark screen.
one lamp is shown in five different angles with differing colors.
a new style pf lamp for e-reading is featured while a man narrated about its features.
a person pulling a suitcase to advertise the travel bag
a woman grabs a bag with wheels and starts walking
the person is rolling a suitcase with rolling wheels.
a lady picks a suitcase and pulls its holder and drags it on the floor.
a person picks up a suitcase and rolls it on the floor, and then the image of the suitcase model is shown.
this video is an advertisement for a suitcase. the video begins with a man demonstrating the suitcase. the clip then changes to a still shot with all the suitcase's features typed out.
a commercial advertising a rolling breifcase with a handle and four wheels.
it is a commercial of a red traveling case.
a woman wearing a white shirt and black pants lifts her red suitcase, pull up the handle and rolls it.
strongest use material and easy for package all items take it very simple handle products.
there is a person who is flying and she is talking to a reporter.
animated cartoons in a conversation and playing around
a girl in a red superhero costume speaks to a boy in a yellow shirt and black hat before flying off quickly. a monkey enters the scene.
there is a girl who is flying in the air
a girl flies out of an interview while the host talks to a monkey.
a female superhero in pink and chimpanzee wearing a red helmet appear on a televised talk show.
an animated character blasts off and a monkey takes her place and attacks a man
cartoon girl in pink superhero suit flys away to go solve a mystery.
a girl in a red out floats and speaks to a boy and flies away as a monkey comes in
some one is watching a cartoon video of human and a monkey.
a picture of golden churros and chocolate sitting on a white dish,
churros are observed on a plate and mid-dip into chocolate while flamenco guitar plays.
a cup of drink and snacks on the table
the plate has sweet bread with cup of chocolate.
coffee and pastries are shown on a like and subscribe screen.
shows the closing of a video on youtube with a table with churros and a jar of dulce de leche, with subscribe and like logos
there is a like symbol and subscribe option for the video channel
a video about sweet cake
white cups with plates have a black coffee and some cookies
churros are sitting on a table and one is being dunked in some type of sauce.
two people on a boat are pointing fingerat the sea when the camera turns we see a whale breaching
a women in white dress and a man wearing a safety jacket are standing on a ship and watching a whale diving in water
a girl standing in a boat is pointing finger at a far away hopping fish
du men on a boat watching a whale jump
showing the whales jumping.
two people on a boat pointing in the distance to a whale breaching the surface of the water,
two persons inside the boat watching a fish in the water
people standing in a boat staring at a whale in the middle of a sea.
the boat's climbers watch the shark jumping into the sea
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
young on the phone at your home, if you take it from the comfort angle, the phone helps us but on the other hand it distanced us from whoever is nearby
a girl is in a residence talking on the phone
the person with black dress is talking over a telephone.
a teenage girl standing in her laundry room wearing black self design tunic and a headband is talking to someone on phone
a woman is speaking in the telephone in the room
in a laundry room, a woman is on the phone, describing how she's watching a scary movie.
a young african origin girl is talking to a handheld landline phone.
a girl is talking on phone with some one about watching something on tv.
a girl in gray talks on the phone.
a woman picks up the phone and says she's watching a scary movie
an injured lion is standing in the jungle with bleeding in the injured part.
a pride of lions and the lioness with the wounded leg can be seen
a badly wounded lioness is shown, as she struggles to keep up with the members of her pack.
the lions are standing in a grassland with one lion got hurt.
a lion injured is standing with the group of lions is standing in the green fields
a number of lionesses prowl around
a lion having a large wound in their back
an injured lioness stands amongst a pride of lions.
a lion is injured with a large piece of flesh torn from his body and bleeding.
a lion contain a cloth on the body
a screen showing some horses preparing to race and all the odds.
the horse race is previewing on the screen in a ground
spectators watching a horse presentation in a place with lots of green.
a boy is commentaring a horse riding tournament.
a man doing commentary in horse race event and giant screen showing the field scene
there's a horse race going live on projector and some people are sitting and watching it byside.
a jumbo screen showing the content of a horse race in progress
people watching jockeys on the display screen at a racecourse during a horse race
a man standing and watching a big screen where horse riders are displaying
the audience were waiting for the horse race to start up
a man taking basket filled with things and keep it on table
a man wearing a brimmed hat is carrying a basket of food to a woman standing by a table.
man carrying basket of seafood and handing it over to a group of women.
a man near the ocean carrying a large brown basket.
older gentleman with a hat on hands a basket to a lady standing at the table.
a man puts a basket on the table at that time a lady is helping him
a man is carrying a basket of food to two ladies at an outdoor table.
a guy carries a bucket of fruit to the table
a hispanic man carries a basket of food to others.
a man with a mustache, hat and striped shirt carrying a basket for some women
a large man stepping up to a microphone and singing for a crowd of people.
a guy in black cap is adjusting mic on stage
a man is just getting ready to perform in stage
a man in a black shirt steps up to a microphone while the crowd looks on.
a singer prepares to sing to a crowded audience
a black stout man appears in black in front of audience under light
a black shirted man ready for a song on the stage
man in black outfit steps to the microphone to perform a song.
a man walks up to a microphone standing on a stage in front of an audience.
a person with black cap and dark background is performing on a stage with a mike in his hand and a lot amount of people are appreciating him.
woman talking while controlling her character within a game
a young woman is describing her play in a video game
a boy playing a video game while talking about the same.
a gamer describing her characters movement on the game minecraft.
a person is playng a platform game while explaining what he is doing. the main character of this game is a kind of colored robot
a game is being explained by a lady
a screen recording of a game is playing
minecraft game play played by a girl gamer.
a child is narrating a minecraft game in which he appears to be playing.
a robot in a game out of 3 fell into a pit quickly comes out
one person is baking several cookies
a person cooking food in a pan with oil.
a chef preparing food is just checking on it
a man with tong in his hand  is cooking delicious food and telling to cook it until they get golden brown.
the man is preparing an entree.
a man is cooking 8 pieces of baking pan
browning vegan food items in a pan during a cooking show.
a man narrates a cooking instruction video featuring round spinach dumplings in a saute pan.
there are a bunch of buns that are in a pan and it is cooking.
a person explaining how to cook in a video
a dark haired man is carrying a water hose over his shoulder as he walks down a dirt lane between two wood-railed fences.
a man walking with a hose over his shoulder
man in green shirt walks on country road with hose under his shoulders and holding a backpack
a person with green tshirt and walking the roadside in right hand in tube and left hand in bag
a man leaves and the image digitally signed portrait of a farmer.
man in a collared turquoise shirt walks over a dirt road carrying a hose with the text of portrait of the father is displayed.
man in a green shirt walking down a road carrying a garden hose.
a boy is walking and portrait of a farmer
a man wearing green t-shirt and black pants is carrying a roll of hose on his shoulder and walking in the farm field.
a farmer walks down the street.
two men riding a motorcycle
there are 2 men riding motorcycles, one of them has an american flag on the motorcycle.
bike riders ride over the road by put a american flag in their bike
bikers in jackets riding harley davidson in grey with the flag of usa riding on the highway.
the bikers take their motor bikes on the road while on one of the bikes the countrys flag flaps against the wind in all its glory.
some men are riding a bike on the road and having a flag in the bike
biker boys and girls ride in twos down the road, flying an american flag.
there are a group of bikers riding on the highway.
two bikers, one with american flag are fist bumping as they are driving on the road, a voice over man explains how they are just average guys
men are riding motorcycles and talking about religion.
a person talking with holding a cube in his both hands.
it is a video on magic cube, now the cube is ready to solve.
a person is holding a rubik's cube in the hand and talking about it.
a person is holding a rubik cube in his hands.
the man show the rubix cube in his hands
some one hold the rubic cube unsolved with their hands
a 4x4 rubik's cube is displayed. the commentator explains a key strategy on how to solve it as if it was a 3x3.
the hands holding a cube and telling about how to solve for cuboid.
a four by four rubik's cube tutorial of the how to solve it.
some guy is explaining about how to solve the rubic cube
a strawberry cake is being cut by a knife and the piece is kept in a small plate.
a beautiful rose colored cake is being cut with a sharp knife.
a pink and white cake is being sliced by a cake cutter to show the inside.
a women in kitchen is cutting a cake with a sharp knife.
the girl cut to the vanilla ice cream
the lady speaks in the background after that the person cuts a piece of cake with the knife and keeps it in the plate.
a woman cutting a cake
a lady with curly hair reviewing a person cutting and plating pink and white colored cake.
someone cuts a pink cake with filling and puts it on a plate
a person just takes a slice of prepared cake
a narrator talking over shots of the great pyramid of geza wonders how it was built.
the gorgeous huge pyramid stands up in the air behind many buildings.
a video shows a pyramid with a height of 280 feet  in the middle of the city
a egypt mummy been shown in close that it has great structure.
how is the pyramid built with the 2.5 ton block?
there is a large egyptian pyramid
a view of a pyramid up close and far away.
people are walking around the base of the pyramid.
egyptian pyramide and story about it
there is a pyramid description with one man describes this
a women farmer appearing to milk a horse.
a horse eating food in a bag and a lady milking the horse.
a horse is eating grass while a woman is touching her belly.
a girl with red colour dress sitting near horse and doing something
a horse eating in food and girl preparing in milk with horse
a women bending down beside a horse and doing something
a woman in red milk a horse that's half brown and half white.
a malted horse is eating hay while a woman in blue jeans and red coat inspects him near his back legs.
the horse milk in women
a horse is eating grass while a woman is touching his intime zone
the ballon in yellow color on the screen. the place is play to the sports.
a few toy cars inflating an orange ballon
animated troy cars and trucks take turns filling up a large orange balloon by jumping on a pump.
number of car pushing and filling air inside the balloons
an orange balloon is tied to a string.
cartoon trucks and cars line up to jump on an air pump to inflate an orange balloon.
various toy vehicles are jumping on a blue button attached to a pump.  each time an orange balloon inflates a little more.
a cartoon show with car toys taking turns to pump a balloon.
different colored cars filling a yellow helium balloon with air.
a series of toy cars hop onto a pump to fill an orange balloon with air.
a man rides a bike along a narrow street, and a car passes him.
a cyclists rides through a rural road and gets honked at by a passing white car.
a person fast cycling and before is going to car
a car overtakes the cyclist and plays the horn. now the cyclist starts moving fast
a cycling person chasing a fast moving car in mountain area road.
a biker is overtaken by a honking car and pedals after it.
a man on a sports bike on a narrow road overtakes a white car
a car passes a cyclist and honks while doing so.
someone riding a bicycle down the street with a white car passing them and honking to horn.
a person riding in bicycle very faster a white color car crossing him
the vehicles are fired and a man is reporting in a news channel.
news with camera showing accident and reporter talking about what happened
a news report of a deadly crash involving semi-trucks on i-290.
a scene of devastation after a highway collision between a tractor trailer and what looks like several smaller vehicles.
a car crash on the news with at least one person killed.
a car and a truck bursting into flames after a dangerous crash.
its a news channel showing a accident held onthe roadside
news of an accident are playing
several charred cars are found on the road while flames envelop a truck
there are a bad car crash with trucks and cars involved and there is some smoke.
an expert trying to classifing the geographical data by observing satallite information
some graphical presentation is going on the corner of the screen and a globe  is on the side.
there are some analytics charts with a globe with large blue on the right side of the screen.
a frequency shown on the earth.
a person is talking and an animated picture of the earth is displayed on the side.
in this video a graph of earth quack wave with a satellite picture of graph
the earth and a graph showing something
playing the recorded audio with the globe image
graph that highlights something and the earth alongside
sesmograph graph of the earth vibrations are showing in a pop up withearth on the background
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a woman in a short dress speaks while showing off her clothes.
a woman is in a large room white room with paintings on the floor and is showing off her outfit.
in a white room with two art frames on the floor and a vase of flowers a woman wearing a skirt printed with black balls and a white blouse wears a zebra coat.
a woman in white boots, a long jacket and a skirt in peas talks about her style
the girl with white dress is wearing an overcoat and talking and walking.
a model wearing white boots and ornamented coat, explains her key strategies on how to reflect back light more optimally.
a white woman wearing white boots and a zebra print coat.
there is a women in the room and do an action with her hands
a woman is in a room with two paintings and a vase. she is describing her outfit and giving tips about it
a man explaining the beauty of an island called reunion island.
a watetfall with gray rocks and green trees all around it
a panoramic shot of a tall jungle waterfall on reunion island.
the person talks about an island with a waterfall picture in the background.
a nature video of waterfalls is played with voice over
image of the top of a waterfall that does not have as much water flow with several green trees in the rocky part
beautiful breathtaking water falls and forests near an island.
some guy were explaining about the ireland
a waterfall from the top of the mountain surrounding with some green trees.
a big waterfall in the middle of a rainforest and a person is describing about the waterfalls
the man was eating, he is mixing some variety food to eat.
a person how to tasty make its recipe
a plate full of food stuff and man explains about it.
someone has a dish with eggs on a white plate
a man is preparing dish with eggs
the man is explaining about the food.
a person is mixing fried eggs with the rest of the food on his plate
in this video we can see a man speaking and eating eggs
boiled eggs being mixed with other foods on a plate.
a man in a black shirt eats scrambled eggs with pasta
a man is talking to a professional fighter while an announcer speaks, and then he pours solution into the fighter's eye.
high school competitive male wrestler and coaches during a match time out because of an injury.
a wrestler is being interviewed by the news.
a high school wrestler talking to his coach during a time out.
a wrestler rubs his face while another man looks at him directly in the eyes.
the coach is trowing some liquid in the boy eye.
a high school boy prepares to enter a wrestling match.
a announcer is talking about a high school wrestling match as a wrestler in red is inserting a contact lens.
a man tends to a wrestler at the side of the mat as others watch.
an amateur wrestler is receiving medical attention from a health professional and also his coach.
a man folding a piece of paper with his hands to make a paper figure.
a man is folding a white sheet with hands
a man's hand is doing a craft work with the explanation about how to fold.
a person folding paper and gives instructions how to do it.
a guy is making origami like artwork diy using a paper.
a man fold corners of a white paper making a craft work out of it
a man doing origami with a white sheet.
a hand does origami with white paper
a man teaching a paper craft in diy show.
a person to teach how to fold the paper to make some of design in paper
many soldiers are walking in the forest and discussing with each other
10 army people started  walking in a forest with guns in their hand and a song is being played in behind
a video song of soldiers who carry guns walking through the forest
armies in the forest discussing each other with a great music background.
soldiers are marching in a forest as troop and takes rest.
life of military men. forward march to some where inside the forest.
number of soldiers are quietly moving around with guns
soldiers are marching through a foggy wet woods during the rain.
music with soldiers walking down a road
a group of soldiers walking through a gloomy forest.
a guy is chopping meat on a chopping board made of metal
japanese couple talking inside a car, where the conversation is subtitled
a young man on the steering wheel is sitting besides a young girl in the car.
fragment from the film - girl and boy are together in a car moving to somewhere
a girl and a boy were in car ride where boy were driving a car and a girl wearing a seat belt
asian couple in a red car. the man is driving, the woman shares her current sentiments.
an asian couple walks in the car without looking
an actor and an actress are inside a car while being filmed.
an asian couple are in a car talking.
a male driving a car with a female co-passenger.
a man in green suit is singing and dancing.
a black man in a green suit sings a 70s style song.
the man in the green jacket is singing on the stage.
a black man in a bright green suit sings on stage.
a music video of a guy singing in a green suit
a black guy in a green suit is dancing on stage and checking his watch
someone  is watching a music video and the guy are wearing a green suite.
a singer in a green suit sings into a microphone.
a man in a green suit and an afro is dancing and singing to a jazz song.
a motown singer wearing a bright green suit is singing into a microphone to a funky song.
a person disappears as glass shatters
an asian man stands in the background as music plays.
as a song plays, glass shatters and one boy morphs into another and then disappears.
the white letter prompts of you'll maybe like and latest video appear over a fading image of a man wearing a black and gray shirt.
this is a music video, low quality, looks like a teenage asian boy
the image of a boy shatters as if it is made of glass.
the man is standing outside as magic is happening.
a music video of a man singing and appearance of glass shattering.
a guy with a black and white shirt on standing behind an illusion of broken glass.
a sweet music playing with a certain boy stand still in the screen
there is a microwave that is on top of a stone platform and then there is a wooden staircase.
a two picture display of a living room with a tv
we see a microwave and then we move on to what looks like a round staircase.
there is an over that has a lot of wood attached to it
a microwave sits next to an orange bucket on a dark hardwood floor close to a wooden staircase.
a microwave is shown and then what appears to be a very small set of spiral stairs.
a silent video showing things that are on the floor.
two parts of several wooden objects are quickly shown.
someone is looking at an old table and its feet.
the large microwave is sitting on its own on the gorund.
a slide showing plate grid without active material, versus plate grid after active material pasted.
men giving information about the battery life
man behind the camera is telling about different plate grid
some one is explaining about led acid battery
the person is talking about a battery with picture in the background.
information and pictures of a lead acid battery
a person is explaining the image of structure formation of negative plate of lead acid battery.
explaining 2 points of view.
the schematics of a battery are displayed. expert offers commentary.
illustration about betaria with material to activate its power, very self explanatory, easy to understand
a handsome boy in black shirt and a guitar in his hands is singing a beautiful song in a very peaceful manner
man singing and playing guitar.
a group of members playing guitar and singing songs.
a man is playing a guitar and singing along with his band.
a person is playing his violin and singing a song
one person is  playing guitar and singing song
an young man in maroon t-shirt is singing a song while playing guitar.
there is a man who is playing his guitar and also singing a song.
a musician playing guitar and singing a song together
a man playing the guitar with his band being shot from the bottom up slowly
create for healthy food and make in use egg also good for health use it.
she is breaking eggs in a bowl to show some recipe by using eggs.
a women break two eggs in a glass plate
one girl is breaking egg two eggs in the bowl
a person cracks open two eggs and pours them in a glass bowl.
there are two big bowl and a girl is breaking eggs
woman making a cooking recipe, she breaks two eggs into a glass bowls.
a women is seperating the egg with a yok and white.
a person breaks two eggs and dumps them in a container to probably make a recipe.
the person is cracking the eggs and putting it in a glass bowl.
a man and a woman are hugging and talking.
a video about a boy and a girl that are in love
a girl and boy talking with each other with love, they are lovers in their position
a movie scene where a couple looks enchanted, they are embraced!
the women hug her boy friend and they look each other
a man talking to women romantically close together.
the couple in movie is talking with each other byhugging.
a couple is loving each other
a couple are talking to each other hugging
a romantic moment between a young man and lady in a film.
a lady taking out a baby stroller from her car and the other lady explains it can carry more weights.
a women roll the baby carrier in the road
a lady in the road is expanding the baby stroller and moving it
a woman shows how easy it is to assemble a baby stroller.
the girl explaining about her newly bought baby stroller
a lady with white top is showing how to unfold a pushchair outside.
woman handling baby trolley after taking it out of the car
someone is checking a wheelchair on the street
a woman is demonstrating a stroller that can hold up to 65 lbs.
a woman opening a baby chair beside a car
the jockey in light blue riding the number 6 horse lead the pack on the race track.
a man  with blue helmet is riding on a horse and is racing with his other partners and is riding better than his others competitors
in which the horse race begins in video
a horse race where a commentator describes what is happening
in a horse race on a race course, a horse suddenly moves very faster than other horse
she is commenting on the horse race.
a horse race focus is on horse labeled #6
a horserace goes on, as the number 6 racer is focused on.
a woman comments on an equestrian competition
some jockey are riding the horses
a lady in blue dress is recording the speech of a balled old man's speech in her mobile
a man in a suit talking on a red cell phone that is held by a woman while they are sitting.
a person is talking in phone to someone and a woman is holding that phone.
a lady is seating holding a red phone and dr. phili is speaking to someone on that phone.
dr. phil gets tough with a scam artist during a call on his show.
dr. phil is talking into a phone to publicly intimidate an alleged scam artist.
a man wearing suit is speaking near the recorder and a woman is there
the presenter of a program doing a type of trolling on the cell phone.
an annoyed woman in a blue shirt holds up a red smart phone while an older man wearing a grey suit and yellow tie reads out loud a message from the phone.
a person talking with a phone which was holded by a women.
earth quake has held the buildings are shaken above
many houses and the cars are showing in this video
there are houses and cars with background atmosphere noise.
someone recording outside of a building in the street.
shaking houses being logged during an earthquake
multiple buildings and vehicles shake due to an earthquake.
a terraced house is battered by strong winds and lamp posts shake in the street.
an earthquake that the houses are shaking and things are breaking with loud noise.
there is showing house and zoom the camera on one window and some cars or street light.
there is houses with electrical wires
a red and white colored metal drum in the middle of a piece of land.
pumps being detonated under a red and white painted keg
a person keeps explosives under a red and white painted barrel and runs away expecting it to explode but comes back to see why it did not explode.
firecracker is covered by a large red white drum on the ground
a red and white can makes a slight movement by the explosion of a bomb inside it
there is a person who puts on a smoke under a cone.
a man fix a bomb in the ground
two men walk away from a red/white striped can while explosions are happening inside.
in a barren field cracker are cracking covered with a red and white coloured drum.
person films a red and white barrel in what seems to be a barren outlaid. 2 shots are then fired at the red and white barrel, making a clanking noise. after that the cameraman checks back on the red and white barrel, lifting it up.
countless bat chicks together. one of them tries to leave and ends up falling.
a dozen of bats hanging from the roof of a cave.
group of bats seen in video while narrator tell about bats, that bats are mammals , they are warm blooded and they feed their childrens.
several bats are together and a struggle to get away a little and to be able to fly
a lot of bats are hanging and the voices says they are mammals.
set of bats being filmed with a woman's narration
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a female voice describing the nature of bats mammals.
bats are hanging upside down from a the ceiling while a woman speaks about them.
these bats are mammals hanging upside down.
an infomercial on an nfc compatible printer that lets you print without having to be connected to a wireless network.
a clip of an advertisement is shown for a company called nfc.
color printer is printing
a man is talking about how nfc can help people printer from their mobile devices.
this printer is very beautiful and it print without the connection of laptop or pc but it is connected through the phone.it printed an example image which was about an survey was beautiful
they are showing us how to print with a wirless network.
some one is watching a video about nfc printing .
someone talking about having a printer that hooks to the wifi.
an ad about a printer states how the printer works.
the printer is printing out a colored chart.
a beautiful island is shown. pristine, blue water around the ground surfaces. this video is a segment from the introduction to a longer video.
an island in a blue sea in the idyllic location
a beatutiful island landscape view with many trees and beautiful sea color
a beautiful green island is surrounded by clear sky blue water with a small mountain farther away is detailed by a female voice
there is an aerial view of a beautiful island.
islands, with lush green plantation, in the blue waters.
a beautiful scene with the ocean, islands, and mountains in the background.
a beautiful island view with clear blue water, sand, tres, and nice homes is seen.
beautiful ireland with huge number of trees and cool whether
an ireland surrounded by mountains and few houses
a black and brown dog with a red leash whines in response to a female voice, then rolls off the edge into the water.
a girl talking to a dog by the water and the dog falls in the water.
a small brown dog with a red leash rolls into some water while a lady talks to it.
the dog was sitting by the water and that was all.
a woman is talking with her dog next to a body of water as the dog falls in.
a person is videoing a black dog ,talking to the dog.
a dog with a red leash falls into the water.
a woman is enjoying talking to a dog on a leash when suddenly the dog fell into a swimming pool.
a girl is playing with the dong and the dog fell in the water
a little black dog that rolls backwards off a wall into some water
a man cutting a shoe model cake with a knife
some one is slicing up shoe  like designed cake with a knife
someone cuts into what looks like a converse shoe with a knife, but it is revealed that it is actually a cake made to look like a converse shoe.
some one is cutting the cake shaped as canvas shoe
a cake which is designed like a shoe is cut by a knife
a man with tattoos in his hand is cutting a cake that looks like a converse shoe with a knife.
a person cut a sport shoes in two pieces
a shoe is displayed when the man cuts the shoe with knife, it looks like a cake.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a person using knife to cut a left shoe into two pieces.
the alphabet is sung over a chorus of happy kids as the letter move over a blue background.
the alphabet dancing while a group of children sing off camera.
there are a bunch of little children who are singing the alphabet song.
a blue background shows lowercase and capital letters, which are all different shapes and colors.
all the letters in the english alphabet lean back and forth while a song is sung.
some kids are looking a video om their abc.
children sing the alphabet song while the letters all appear on the screen.
a colorful abc's song sang by a bunch of kids
an animated alphabet of upper and lower case letters is colorfully displayed and sways back and forth as kids sing the abc song.
the singing alphabets doing their thing making learning fun and exciting for kids.
a boy with colourful t shirt on is holding a giant snail that's absolutely massive with his hands.
a giant brown shaded snail hold down by a small kid in white and black tshirt.
the kid with white t-shirt is holding a big snail i his hand.
there is a boy who is carrying a large snail in his hands.
a boy playing with a big size snail and looks black in color.
a child holding and looking at a big snail in his hand
a kid holding a very big snail in two hands
a white boy is holding a giant snail in his hands
a boy wearing white shirt is holding something in his hands
a boy in a white t-shirt holds a giant brown snail in his hands
a group of painted chicks are seen walking around.
chickens of various colors walk through a fence made of sticks and yarn.
the baby chicks are running  and chirping.
racing colorful little birds on a small race track
colorful chicks are racing on an improvised track
chicks in many colors are coming out serially through an panel of way that is alloted for them
small colorful chickens are walking on the ground.
lot of chick of different colors.
a race with chicks dyed of various colors in an area bounded on the ground
multi-color chicks in the color scheme od red, yellow and green are going through an obstacle course.
a video clip of a man in nature cleaning his clothes
a man in a suit and tie in a forest.
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
a man in a blue shirt and tie dusts the dirt off of him.
a man clean his shirt
a music video with a man wearing a shirt and tie.
rock music plays over an asian man readying himself for something outside, getting up and fixing his sleeves.
a young well dressed man springs up from the ground in a forest and corrects his attire.
a man in a blue shirt and tie stands in a wooded area and adjusts his clothes.
a man in a blue shirt and black tie standing up from a crouching position.
three women stand in a kitchen while a man approaches an open window in the background and says hello to the group in italian.
man appears at the window and talks to three women inside the house
three girls are speaking a man from outside the window is speaking to them
a group of women in a kitchen are greeted by a bald man in a white shirt through a window.
a man speaking foreign language leans into a window and is talking to three ladies who are inside.
three women are cooking something and man comes and start flirting with them.
the man arrives at the window to greet the people inside the house.
a lady si working on something while others watch
three women are in the kitchen when a man appears in the window giving good day to them
three women stand in a kitchen, a man approaches the kitchen window and speaks to them, not in english.
someone trying to open a piece of machinery with a tool.
repair something with screw driver
a person is trying to fix some kind of machine
a person pulling a part an object that is black and metalic
the hands of a man use a screwdriver to separate parts of some type of component.
a person is disassembling a small contraption. moody, mellow music is heard.
a person is taking out a plastic nib from a clip using a screw driver.
a man is trying to crack open a black fitting with a long screw driver
a person disassembles a connector from a piece of plastic with the help of a screwdriver.
the person takes a flat head screwdriver to separate the pieces.
steven is kneeling on the floor of the store with open arms and talking frustrated
there is a guy who is crying on the floor and another person answers him.
kids shouting in shopping mall and argue with his dad
a cartoon character is talking out a pack out of a box.
a boy is complaining for not having enough liquor.
a boy kneel down and shouting in bakery shop and a man carry one box inside the shop.
few animated characters are talking and looking each other
cartoon show is going on and there is shop
a character in purple unstocks materials in a cafe.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
we have two little girls who play exploding balloons
two children in a room full of party balloons.
a room full of balloons were filled up with. two female kids pinching balloons using pins making it to blast
two little girls trying to pop as many colored balloons as they can.
pop bladders, who has never had this desire to be in a room full of them and be able to pop one by one like a child?
two small girls are popping multi colored balloons in a room.
two girls in pajamas poking mutlicolored balloons in a room filled with balloons
two little girls have fun blowing up colorful balloons
two girls are playing with so many baloons
two little girls bursting lots of balloons inside the room
some one is watching a video of some one writing some things down.
how to increase your writing speed in 5 minutes
a person talks about writing the same thing again and increasing the speed.
someone is writing down certain times and stuff on a piece of paper
the person was writing something in pen on the paper.
a person is shown writing at an exceptionally fast pace.
a woman is writing and talking about how to write faster.
a hand writing on lined paper as a woman speaks off camera.
the woman in the commercial is showing how to increase your writing speed.
a person trains their handwriting speed with purple ink.
a man with gun listen a sound of shooting and pretends to shoot
paul giamatti and clive owen in one of their movies
a cop points gun at somebody which is being controlled by another man with spectacles.
a man is holding a gun and pointing it with a bearded man standing next to him.
a clip from a movie about cops starring jake gillenhall.
there is a person with a gun who is pointing at another person.
there are two guys in a room one with a gun and the other is rubbing his hand on his coat.
two men in an action scene from some movie.
two men are in room and a men with gun ready to shoot something.
there are two men and on person having a gun in his hand
a girl in orange top and shorts with her hair tucked in the back is playing on the sand with a group of girls and they are all running towards sea to play in the water.
four kids on the beach sand getting up and going to dive in the sea
young children playing, singing and swimming on a beach
children play with swimming full and end of the video he is standing in outside
four happy kids running out to sea water
kids are sitting on the beach, singing song and getting up to have bath in the sea.
a group of six children are enjoying by singing and swimming in sea
children are sitting on the beach singing then they scream and jump up and start swimming in the ocean.
a children are playing in the beach and swimming in the water
five girls and one boy were playing in beach and swimming in the sea in swim suit.
a group of school kids are rapping together.
young children walking down a school hallway singing a song together.
male teenager in a green shirt dancing and singing with friends.
a group of smiling school aged kids are rapping and dancing in a school.
a group of kids dancing with one kid in a green top singing and then a few kids say their names.
a group of peoples is singing a song and dancing as well
group of children are dancing happily in the corridor
a group of children  boys are girls together  are singing  some song and walking forward
many children in different colour of dress are dancing and singing song
of the students make a musical parody
a woman is talking to the camera while crying and holder her sleeping child.
there is a person who is crying and there is a child in her hand.
a lady is speaking and crying while holding a baby.
a woman in black holding a baby cries.
a girl with black tshirt and she is crying and speaking the baby sleep
a mother crying with her baby on her lap
a non-english speaker talks about someone's baby, commenting on the fact that the baby is asleep.
the lady is talking about the child and crying.
there's a lady crying about her sick baby
a mother is crying for her child. the child is asleep.
a person creating a chicken burger layer by layer
a person is preparing burger and stuffed with some items
a person is making a burger by putting chicken and sauce on buns which is looking so appealing and appetizing
a person is preparing a hamburger on a kitchen board
a person is making a fried chicken sandwich and adding to the bottom bun the lettuce, chicken, tomato slice, mayonnaise, and the top bun.
this man is showing us how to make a chicken sandwich.
demonstration of how to make a perfect burger
a person is building a chicken sandwich. they start with a bun, lettuce, chicken, tomato, cheese, and then one more bun. the music is comical.
a sanvich was made with lot of stuff inside and delicious to watch.
a person places a bread slice and a leaf on it then a cooked chicken, then tomato and cream on it then again places a bread piece making it into burger
a man uses a nailgun to lay flooring while a voice narrates the steps.
a guy is explaining how to screw wood
a carpenter fixes a timber in the floor with a drilling machine.
placing staples of the carpet covering
a person is pressing upon some object in his workshop
a man is making holes using drilling machine.
a man nailing a board to floor using a nail gun.
a person drills a cardboard on to the floor.
a tutorial on how to make holes on a piece of wood using the drill machine.
a man with a drill is doing construction on some wood and drilling into it.
asian girl holding a drink in her hand.
a man describing a girl's facial features.
a girl is smiling and her two hand picks  fruits
a young asian girl with dark hair and bangs is holding a bowl of pink dessert in one hand and a bowl of yellow dessert in the other.
a asian child is smilling and showing two cups with frosty. a yellow and a red frosty
a picture of a model with a man describing crooked teeth.
a picture of a girl's face with a man giving information about crooked teeth.
in the picture is a woman with short hair
asian girl with allegedly crooked teeth is demonstrated as to make the claim that those teeth add charm to her face.
a guy is talking about crocoite teeth of a girl
there are a little girl and a man talking to each other.
man in grey jacket having a conversation with blonde little girl with her hair styled in a ponytail.
a man is seek talking to a little girl with some background music on.
a dad talks with his young cute daughter with so much love and care.
the father relief the girl.
a man and her daughter looking at each other and talking something
excerpt from the music video, a man in a black jacket with a little girl in his arms
a man in a jacket talks to a  girl who appears to be his daughter.
this is andy garcia in a film while he can hear a romantic song
a man holding a young child looking at her and talking together.
a pretty girl wearing a mask on face and with a high pony tail is standing on the road and watching a protest
white woman with black hair and mask participates in rally.
a women wearing a mask is talking to somebody
a lady eagerly watches the protest happening in the road side.
a woman is standing with white mask on her face and a backpack on her back
a face-masked brunette woman with a ponytail is standing amid an act for some politician
the woman wearing a white mask is standing in a protest crowd.
a woman in a blue top and face mask is at a busy event where trump 2020 is being chanted.
a woman in a mask watches for a protest.
a lady wear white face mask while other person holding phone camera without mask in white polo moving from her left to right
a spectacular fire cracker blast with different colors.
people celebrate by enjoying a beautiful fireworks display.
a big explosion on top of a lake with a lot of yellow sparks going in different directions.
euphoric people seeing the explosion of fireworks by the sea
fireworks in a lake, people screeming and a bright light.
immense and colorful explosion of fires accompanied by several people from afar.
fireworks is going on.
very beautiful fireworks over a clear water surface in the dark
bright, beautiful fireworks explode across the sky as people cheer.
crackers burning in some people's gathering
a mother and her little daughter  discuss about food in kitchen
a mom and daughter speaking in a party in front of sweets, where green dressed kid asking about the sweets
a woman and a girl talk in front of a table full of cakes, muffins, and sweets
in a cartoon movie a little girl asking about cakes with elder lady
mom and child cartoon character talks about the food in the table
drawn cartoon mom with daughter in front of a table with sweets
a girl asking her mother about their bake sales.
a comedic animation featuring a mother and daughter.
woman in pink clothes talks to small girl in green clothes with various foods on the table.
the two toys purchase the candy in the candy shop
a person is standing on a petrol pump is  wearing  black jacket and singing an indian song at night
an indian guy is singing in a gas station.
a singer is singing a song, likely in hindi, while at a gas station
this man is in a music video in front of the mcdonald's and the gas station at night.
a man in a leather jacket sings with his arms extended out to the side as the camera circles around him.
a man in a black jacket stands near a building at night and sings.
a man is singing a song in an indian language and has his hands wide open.
a man in a dark outfit is singing in a music video.
a man sings while standing outside of a gas station.
he was singing the song with sadness in the open place in front of the gasoline shop
two couples in pink approach a man in a suit.
a man invites two well-dressed couples to join him in the center of the room.
scene from a show where there seems to be two couples as finalists, red curtain backdrop
the group of girls walk on to the big red stage
tom bergeron walks onto center stage with samantha harris  who is wearing a pink dress to talk to competing dance couples.
there are six people on the stage in a group of two each
three pairs of people walk toward one another on a red stage.
two pairs of people join the host and judge in the center of the stage.
the group of people were performing on the large stage.
some one is talking on stage with other people.
three women in black sports bras and stepping side to side to the music.
a zumba instructor is teaching the steps to dance salsa.
three ladies in exercise clothing are showing dance and exercise moves.
three young woman are showing how to dance to spanish music.
three women demonstrate leg moves from the easy body 2 work out program.
the people are standing together in the room and dancing.
three instructional dancers perform dance moves while the middle dancer verbally instructs the viewer.
three young women are leading a dance instruction from a studio.
three ladies are on a stage demonstrating dance moves with salsa music playing
three ladies in black bra teaching how to dance
some guy is explaining about his seminar classes and  how he handles the people in the seminar
a person is explaining a location with joshua trees and crazy rock formations.
3 shots of a natural park starting by a sign and then showing different rock formations and the river down bellow
it is a video showing nature such as mountains, trees and water and person in blue tshirt is explaining about them
a man explains about trees in the park and crazy rock formation.
in video showing a beautiful rock formation
a young man is giving information about the joshua trees.
a man describing a trail and rock features of a national park.
a man is telling us about a trail, called the joshua trail.
someone are talking about trees and rock formation.
a question typed on the ms word asking where the deepest and longest tunnel in the world exists.
a word document with writing in black font.
writing program with white background and black letters
one man is explaining about how to work on word file
in ms word a white sheet having three topics in it
commenting text in word.
an older man narrates a microsoft word training video.
teaching how to perform certain task on microsoft word.
an instructor is explaining how to use a pen tablet on a screen for all to see.
some text had been typed in a microsoft document
the cbs news person it reporting on the trafic.
a man in a yellow safety vest reports in front of a road.
fuel spill is happening in a steavenson expy. so rescue team is try to remove that spill and it was explained by a cesar rodrigues
a reporter giving a report on i-55 fuel spill
the 1-55 has been closed due to fires and they reopened some lanes, but not the northbound ones
and now ceasar rodriguez reporting for news 2 live.
the group of people are talking to the camera.
three firefighters examine a crashed vehicle while a man in a yellow safety vest reports what occurred.
a reporter in a yellow jacket is reporting on an accident on the road.
the man goes into detail about a nearby fuel spill
a man riding a bike talking about how to cycle.
a men in black and red t shirt riding a bike
a boy riding on his bike doing exercise to make himself fit
a white male with a red and black suit on is riding a bike on an empty road.
there is a man with helmet riding a bicycle on the road
a guy riding a bicycle giving riding tips
a man riding a bicycle with a helmet on.
man rides a very nice bicycle and talks to the camera
there is a cyclist who is biking down a windy road at a high speed.
a man in a red and black suit rides a bicycle down the road and speaks
a brown snail making slow movements.
a woman narrating the slow movement of brown snail
a documentary about snails and how far they move
a colorful snail is crawling on a green leaf.
in the forest snail moving around in the green grass.
a lady is explaining about snail's various characteristics
a short clip of a snail with a lady's voiceover explaining about the snails lifestyle.
a look at the movement, or lack of movement, of a common snail
a snail moves on a leaf with its horns stretched
a snail move to one place to another place on the green grass
a doctor and some nurses are having conversations each others
the man received a call and started walking while others were talking with each other.
there is a doctors and nurses speaking to each other
a doctor answers his phone, friends of the other doctor come in and they chat together.
some doctors talking to each other and you hear a cell phone ringing
it is scene from grey's anatomy and  the doctors  are discussing about someone
there's a general conversation among the doctors
persons in lab coats are having a conversation on a walkway of a building.
a team of medics of one male and two female are discussing
few doctors talking to each other in a hospital.
justin timberlake is standing in front of a microphone singing a song with the big band playing behind him, you can hear the music.
a man in white shirt and black coat performing on stage with other instrumentalist
guy singing on stage with a full band/orchestra behind him
justin timberlake is in a white dress shirt and a jacket and he is singing a song.
the man is standing on the stage and singing to people.
there is a guy singing and other people playing music on stage.
justin timberlake singing his hit song mirrors in a live show.
this man at the microphone is a fantastic singer.
justin timberlake, handsome as ever and well-dressed in a white shirt, vest and tie with trousers, is singing in front of a band.
a famous singer is performing in a stage with a band and lights in the background.
spiderman is turning around to look at another spiderman who addressed his name.
a child dressed in a spiderman costume turns around to see spiderman behind him.
spiderman is walking around the city and thats it.
kid wearing a spider-man outfit being talked to by the real spider-man standing behind him with cops in the back of the real spider-man.
spiderman is seen in a suit and there are two of them
a young spiderman is standing in front of ab adult spiderman
2 people are in a spider man outfit one turns around,and one speaking .
a costumed person looks around and sees another dressed very similarly to him.
spiderman calls a younger spiderman and he turns around to see the real spiderman.
spider-man approaches a kid that is wearing a fake spider-man suit, and says hey, spider-man which the kid turns around, seeing him.
a man is taking a white wedding dress from the table
the man is picking up a cloth for examining and putting it down.
a guy is mistaken a white curtain as the bride's wedding dress.
describing some home decor items like white curtain ..
a man lifts up a white material, just to conclude that it is a curtain.
the boy showing kind of cloth.
some waste food putting dustbin no use another time.
someone is showing the white gown on the table
this the one type of plastic paper.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
there are some cupcakes, a person take one cake, bite them and put in the tray.
a person showing baked cake and biting a finished one.
vanilla cupcakes are sitting fresh out of the oven, one is picked up and a bite taken, set to music.
one person is prepared cupcake in his kitchen
a person is eating the smooth and yummy cup cakes
a person handles several cupcakes before setting one down with a bite taken out of it.
cupcakes are shown. the video creator picks one up to reveal the insides of the cupcake.
a person picks up a muff and then takes a big bite of it.
person removing small cookies from the molds, choose one, take a bite and put together with the other cookies
someone has ate the cake.
a man with big hair talking. there are several instruments in the background.
richie faulkner, with his authentic long hair and suites talks about his mother.
a blond man with a big beard gives an interview.
man being interviewed in a setting where he has several musical instruments
a man talking and sharing some experience about music
blonde hair is explaining about his personal life
there is a man with long hair talking and sitting in chair, he is wearing black clothes and there are a lot of guitars behind him in the background.
a man in black coat sitting in front of guitars and speaking about music
mature man with big blond hair in a place with several musical instruments.
a man with long hair wearing black dress is expalining something
tissue paper removing the water bottle.
a person is making a hand craft on the table
there are inventions with plastic bottle in order to recycle probably.
pulling tissue from a bottle and covering switch with a bottle cut open.
this is a craft made by a empty water can
a craft work made for the house hold uses and very interesting to see
some one is pulling plastic bags from the dispenser made out of recycled bottle and some one is covering switch with the upper part of plastic bottle.
a woman is teaching how to cover switch by a bottle
in this video someone shows how reutilice a plastic bottle for other purposes
a person pull the carton in the bottle and cut the water battle
a woman in a red shirt is talking to an audience about a girl who almost left school at fourth grade. she is standing on a stage and a sign interpreter is translating her to the audience on her left.
a ted talk given by a woman in a red shirt.
a young woman lectures an audience about the value of education.
a woman gives a speech on stage in front of people.
a woman on stage is relating a story of someone going to school while another person uses sign language to translate.
a women with a red shirt on the  stage is talking. near her a women in black is doing sign language.
a girl is talking about another girl stays in school for four years.
an indian looking girl has a ted talk on girls rights to attend school.
a woman giving a tedtalk about a girl who wants to go to school.
a woman is speaking to an audience with a sign language interpreter off to the side.
a guy in red shirt is trying to explain something
there is a person who is in a black vest and he is talking about some kind of feature.
this man is speaking very quickly in the spanish language.
a man in his black and red t shirt explaining about the features of cannon cameras.
a man in a multicolored shirt discusses something next to a blue curtain.
black t-shirt person speaks with great gesture inside the house
a seated young man with dark hair, dressed in a colorful team shirt speaks energetically in a non-english language.
funny-tongued man speaks to camera in black t-shirt.
a vietnamese man in a black shirt with colored trim explaining something in a very fast voice.
there is a person counting on their fingers alot and talking
a woman in a black shirt fluffs a pillow.
a woman squeezes a memory foam pillow with her hands and shows how the pillow puffs back up, while explaining about the company's proprietary blend.
a lady trying to demonstrate the quality of the pillow
a woman in black shows off the fluffiness of a white pillow.
a woman demonstrating memory foam of a pillow.
someone is showing off how their pillow works like memory foam.
the person is folding their pillow into the pillow case.
a woman wearing black gives a review of a memory foam pillow laying on a dark sheet.
there is a woman in black talking about the memory foam pillow.
a woman showcasing how a memory foam pillow works.
two men are acting for a movie. they are watching birds in the sky.
two people entering a destroyed factory, they are visualizing a plane passing over them.
watching a movie with aircrafts in flight
two air-crafts were flying fast,a boy and a girl were seeing that.
a soldier is just waiting at one end of   building with another person
a man and girl watching something flying over the sky.
men and women watching the flying air get
two warriors are looking at a aircraft flying in the sky.
a man and a woman are watching a kind of drones on the sky
woman with bow and arrows next to man watch aircraft in the sky
a concert is taking place on the stage with lot of instruments like guitar, keyboards etc.
a band of people play guitars and perform on stage.
a man plays his black guitar with his band
two men playing guitar, one playing the drums and the other playing the piano in a musical performance
the musical band performing a musical journey with a vast range of instruments in a beautiful manner.
the song relates how difficult is to find love.
a musical  concert  is going on where a person is singing  and one person is playing guitar  and another person is playing a piano
a band playing some nice music on a stage
persons playing with drums and guitars in stadium with sing the song
in a stage many people are having instruments and playing music for a song.
skateboarder is talking on the camera while other players perform acrobatics on the course
a man wearing helmet with a dash cam is speaking near the skate boarding place
a guy talks in a skating board training place showing a guy doing tricks.
a skater is shooting another guy who is skating in the background
a man shooting a bike stunt track with a camera.
a video of a man talking about doing some stunts on a motorbike whilst filming with a gopro camera.
this game is very important safety wear in helmet
a person with blue tshirt is riding a white horse on a grassland
a man wearing black t-shirt and blue helmet holding camera in which back some take a slide jump using scooter
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
box football match playing and the man is slipped his leg.
man is knocked over comically by an incoming red ball of doom.
a ball hit the nose of a man and he fell down .
the ball going towards the boy's face in slow motion, in our view it doesn't seem like much but in the dimension of the film the force was so great that the man flies backwards
a man with blue shirt and foot the ball
a man was hit with a red ball on his face
the red ball hits the head of a guy.
man wearing a purple t-shirt is hit by a red ball on the forehead.
a man in a purple shirt is hit in the face with a big red ball. the big red ball knocks him to the floor.
a fragment from a show where a ball was pulled to a man's head and this man fall down
a women explain about a book
a girl with a diary on the desk
woman speaks while geometric figures are illustrated next to a notebook
a yellow notebook with different colour patterns showing on the side.
a girl talking in the background of an introduction to a tutorial video.
it is a video about how to fill up a notebook
a light brown notebook lies on a wooden table and the words 10 ways to fill up your notebooks appear on the cover in white.  several geometric shapes of different primary colors appear on the table around the notebook.
this is the digital book it's so beautiful.
a yellow notebook on a brown table.
a woman is talking about different ways to fill up an empty notebook.
people appreciate a lady and clapping for her and lady about to give her speech
hillary clinton is on the stage speaking after losing the presidential election, people are cheering for her.
hilary clinton is about to start a speech in front of a clamorous public.
hillary clinton giving speech after presidential election defeat.
political woman with purple shirt and gray suit
clinton is waving her hands at the gathered crowd
many us flags adorn the stage as hillary clinton steps up to the microphone to address a wildly applauding audience.
a blond, short-haired white woman with a few other people on a dais.
hillary clinton is saying thank you after presidential election defeat in a very happy mood
there is a nice lady in front of the camera and she is hillary clinton
the layout of youtube desktop and a person selfie video on the top left explaining and clicking on the video sharing option.
a screen recording of you tube web page is appearing with a man on the corner
a man looks at a screen and talks about vidoe games
a you-tuber explaining something on his video.
video explaining about share youtube with background music
the person is giving a tutorial on the youtube home pgage.
a black t shirt men explaine the game
a man in a black shirt and black cap giving instructions on a computer screen.
guy presenting some page with a lot of video and ask to share this
a youtube screen is shown a man wearing hat can be seen in inset
a man dragging another man, a man swinging a baseball bat and a man running.
two freinds are plyaing a cricket
someone is watching a video of songs with guys.
a soldier carries another soldier who has lost his leg before two men play baseball.
a soldier drags an injured soldier who is missing their lower leg across snowy ground, then a man swings a bat, as another man standing on dirt catches the ball with his two hands.
a man in the ice mountains pulling another man with his leg amputated.
a soldier helping another soldier with broken leg and music playing in the background.
movie scene with american soldiers who are friends and with background music
soldier dragging his wounded friend on the battlefield.
music plays while a soldier drags another soldier who lost his leg.  the clip then cuts to soldiers playing baseball.
an animated video showing funny characters and their activities
a squid prepares to play a clarinet before stomping off angrily.
someone is looking at the sponge bob show.
a scene from a cartoon called spongebob and one character gets angry
lula-mollusk character will play his clarinet, but is interrupted and gets angry
cartoon character trying to play an instrument, but is interrupted.
an angry looking man in a green themed house trying to play a musical instrument.
the squid mollusk of the sponge bob cartoon playing the flute
scene of a famous drawing where a character shows trying to play a musical instrument
squidward is walking around in sponge bob land.
a guy is displaying some tools inside a narrow metal container.
the video is electronic devices.
man handling an iron plate while making some comment on the same
a man showing some screw head on a plastic car part
some one is holding something and explaining about it
someone is opening a part of the car and showing inside of it
a man showcasing some sort of torq
a man showing a steel product with his hands
a man holding a thin steel box and showing inside it
a person working in the outdoor telling you
someone with green cloves on his hand is explaining about the backside the car
man giving some information on roof fixing
the man wearing a glove is flashing light and showing something.
a video showing how to install gutters and a few tips about installation.
a service man examining the fault in the roof top with a torch light
a roof of a house and a person talking about the roof.
a man wearing green gloves in his hands opening some tile like shape and explains it.
man warning about a gutter in a video tutorial
he is using the washing machine like that using ecofirendly.
man with yellow gloves teaching how to fix gutter
a white haired man turns his head from the site of seeing another man in a black suit resisting two other guys who are taking him up the stairs.
a man being dragged to the second floor by two men
one man is fighting two others to let him pass
there are two men pick a man to the upstair
a man is being dragged up some stairs by two other men.
some man being arrested by the authorities and another who cannot do anything
two men are muscling an uncooperative third man up a wide flight of stairs.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie`
the man in black suit is pulled by two men over the staircase.
an old man is watching two persons dragging one boy upstairs at night
michael jackson performing with his authentic suites for dangerous song.
miichael jackson is performing dance on the stage with his team
michael jackson singing and dancing with a group of dancers.
this is a michael jackson song and dance routine.
excerpt from a performance by michael jackson with two partners, all in black suits
men with black coat hat and tie, wearing white shirts are dancing together
is a video where there are guys who dance a michael jackson song
men in suits, white shirts, ties and shoes dance on stage.
several men perform and dance to michael jackson's smooth criminal.
a show of michael jackson or an imitator. he is dancing together his ballet.
an introduction text is appearing with graphics and background music
the text showing with a music in background
this is advertisement for  a sci fi tv show that is depicted in the space
big blue letters spelling ''doctor who'', seen from behind, vanish with a cool effect involving clouds and light into space.
beginning of the film doctor who with space and stars
doctor who- background is space they has stars  and it goes into the smoke
upbeat, triumphant orchestral music accompanies a space themed title sequence for doctor who.
a program title is played on the screen with some graphics.
intro to the tv show doctor who.
an intro in the dark galaxy and large blue wording appearing on the screen.
two gamer are playing in a dark scene and then turned blue.
a guy is narrating while playing video games
a man was commenting for the game which he enjoys a lot.
two men interacting while recording ourselves playing video game
a screen recording of a game is playing
a person is talking with other person while live streaming his gameplay.
a men speaking in the video game
a boy playing a game that is minecraft.
players communicating online and playing a game that appears to be in the first person
a minecraft character falling into ocean then quickly swimming up to shore.
a man with black shirt and a cap on his head is doing gun training and having best shots
a man is shooting something with gun and two other guns are placed in a table
the man with a pistol practising in the forest with a cap and a cooling glass.
a person is pointing a gun and firing it at a target.
a man shoot something by using gun in the forest
a man aiming with a gun and shooting
a person teaching gun shooting
a seated man with a few guns on the table in front of him aims and fires one of them twice, then removes his ear protection and admires them as good headshots.
a man in a black t-shirt and green cap trains shots.
a man is practising with his rifle,many rifles are seen on the table.
the opening of a video meant to teach you how to make your desktop more personal.
a person records their desktop and starts a tutorial
opening scene of a tutorial to show how to clean up desktop clutter.
there are a hill with snow in the image and some text appear
the video is an excerpt from a tutorial of simple steps to make a computer desktop more unique and beautiful.  the background is a still image of a computer desktop.
a super simple tutorial to make desktop look unique and beautiful, they hope you like it.
a short clip with music, showing text about a tutorial to make your desktop look better
the title sunday is over the tall mountains with music playing in the background.
there are written instructions on the screen with a blureed montain background
video with hints about organizing your desktop with calm and clean background
a chef is placing some food items on the tawa and puts oil to start cooking.
a chef with black clothes and black cap is cooking something in the kitchen.
the person with black dress is walking and putting something down.
a chef wearing black dress is preparing a dish in the kitchen
a man wearing black dress and apron is moving into the kitchen and placing something on stove
some girl opening up her christmas present and other people sitting around and making a sound
a man is cooking something in the kitchen for the lady , who is waiting for her order in the reception
a man making a food item in the kitchen
a person in the kichen of a restaurant and this man wash his hand
a person some food prepare in the kitchen
a person is painting some art and the colors he used are yellow , orange and black
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a person is making a colorful pain with brush on a white paper
an artist drawing a hand canvas in white board.
uma pessoa realiza uma pintira com pincel em um papel branco
the painting of a picture using water colour paints and light and dark colours.
a woman is painting with various different colors with watercolor paint.
an artist is painting with brown, red and orange paint colors.
a person draw the painting by using brush,paper and painting
a person is painting in a beautiful and artistic way with his paint brush in his hands
a young lade with long hair is speaking with someone with a red and white mic
a woman in a black and white striped tshirt is being interviewed by somebody with a microphone.
a young irish woman talking about the difference of gun availability in the usa compared to ireland.
a younger woman is being interviewed by buzz feed outside of a school.
a woman in a black and white stripped tank top is being interviewed.
the woman in the striped shirt is being interviewed.
she is giving the new reporter the facts as the have happend today.
a girl is talking on the mice with some one.
a young lady whose hair is being blown by the wind is taling to the buzz feed press
an irish woman in a black and white striped shirt is being interviewed by buzzfeed. she states there are too many guns in america and that itâ€™s hard for irish people to understand because their police are unarmed.
the boy skateboarded right up the side of the wall.
a man showing off his skating skills in the park and people are cheering him on
a man on a skateboard is skating up a ramp in front of a large crowd.
a shirtless man skates up a large ramp.
the man rode the skateboard uphill and am jumped down.
there are people skating in the crowd.
a young man goes up a large skateboard ramp and a crowd cheers as he comes back down again.
a skateboarder rides up a half pipe and then jumps down as a crowd cheers.
a shirtless black male performs skateboard tricks as a crowd cheers for him.
a skateboarder does a trick that involves going up a curved ramp, landing on top and then going back down the ramp while the onlookers cheer.
a woman is pushing down on a while pillow that rises back up.
woman's hands show the properties of a new pillow
a woman presenting a super soft white pillow.
a woman explain the characteristic of a pillow witch color is white
a woman is demonstrating the qualities of a pillow, by intentionally pushing it inwards.
a woman explains about the quality of pillow in bed room
a woman presses her hands into a pillow to demonstrate that it will not go flat
girl talking about the pillow and its smoothness
the lady is describing the advantage of using the pillow.
a woman is reviewing a certain type of pillow for her youtube video
video from the car registrar about driving on the highway, four-lane one-way road
car camera shows the same driving on a highway on a sunny day
footage from a dashcam in a car whilst the driver drives on a freeway.
view of the broad highways road was shown from the running car.
nice camera been place in the front side of the car and can able to watch the road and other cars moving fast
a road is recorded by someone sat in the car
driving on the highway by car.
a car is going in highway road while one black car and blue car crossing in next way.
a person is driving a car on the highway road
a vehicle is moving on highway a blue car overtake from left
a man in a blue shirt and kneepads is hammering a nail in the dusty floor.
a person is hammering the ground and then scratching the ground.
a man doing work with a hammer on the floor.
a man with blue tshirt is used tools
a man is kneeling and doing repair work on the floor
man in blue shirt fixed the floor
a man is holding a hammer and banging it against the floor he's kneeling on.
men hitting the surface with hammer
there is a man working on the floor holding a hammer
a man sitting on the floor is hitting it with a hammer and scraping off the dirt.
a man is singing
a young boy in white shirt with gray coat singing song very loudly
this is musically video.this man is stanky leg
a man wearing a suit is singing a song.
a boy singing do the stanky leg song.
the person singing a pop song  do the stanky leg
a man in a gray coat sings a song
a man seems to be practicing his singing skills
a well-dressed man sings a song
a man singing a beautiful song
a person is walking and singing in a tennis court as a match is happening.
man in sports trousers sings into a microphone on a sports ground
there is a man singing a song in the badminton court
a man singing while another man plays tennis.
a tennis match is going on and the commentator is commenting catching a mice
one man playing music on a sports court while another watches sitting and another is in the middle of the court
totally 3 person one person playing other person singing
three men on a tennis court, one observes seated, another plays tennis while another with tattoos on his body sings
a boy is singing a song about sports and a person is playing behind him
a man with sunglasses holds a microphone and says sports as he walks around a tennis court.
a printer review, in which the reviewer shares key specifications of the device.
the printer epson shown on the picture and someone explain how to work the system
a still image of a black printer that has printed a color copy of an image.
description of a printer describing the type of cartridge used
man describes the functions of the printer
an epson expression printer with a person narrating its qualities.
a printer is placed on a table and a person is explaining  about the printer
image of a black printer and some text information on the video
epson expression is high quality printing printer for nice output.
a printer is placed on a table with a white paper and a printed paper on it.
a woman laying by the pool is shift her posing for a photographer
the woman with pink dress is lying on the side of the swimming pool.
ladies laying by pool twisting and turning from side to side while a guys taking a picture
take it picture and very sharp to take the event for small all.
a female model lays by a pool as a man takes pictures.
a man is photographing a women with swimsuit near swimming pool with a book in her hand
a swim dressed lady enjoying around the pool area, and a photographer taking shots.
a women lying near the swimming pool
a lady in a pink bikini laying by the pool with a book in her hand and sunglasses on her face.
a girl is laying by a pool in her bathing suit while trying to cover up so people can't see her closely.
a girl wearing white frilled frock opens  door and enters into a room.
a woman with light brown hair, thin, in a short light pink dress, walking down a corridor towards a double pore. after she passes through the door, a yellow spot appears on the door handle.
there is a well dressed woman walking and opening a door in a creepy hallway
a girl walking and open the door and walking
a young lady leaving an office setting kind of with a little attitude.
woman dressed in white walking alone in hospital-looking corridor and walked out through a green colored door with yellow stain
a girl with white color dress is goes to the room
a woman in a short white dress walks through a pair of metal and glass doors.
when a woman walked in and entered the room, the door closed.
young girl walks across a corridor in a dramatic fashion, and opens up a glass dooor. yellow stain is seen on the door.
plateia having fun during a scene from a comedy series
a man is looking at the floor and asking what is there
there is a man who is kneeling and then there are some kids in the room.
all dark environment shows only one tv on and it has a man with dark hair, a white shirt inside a jacket holding on the table behind him a brown closet and a white fridge with several pictures pasted on the door the man looks down and crouches to take something out of his hand and a white boy with a blue shirt appears behind him, then the man looks over the table and sees the white boy in a blue shirt and a white woman in a pink blouse
a man is doing something by hiding behind table
a man is a black sweater is opening green kitchen cabinets
an indian man stoops to take off his watch while he is in the kitchen with the family
at kitchen how the plates and flours are using to clean it
a black dressed man in the room
a man is siting town near a table and two another persons are coming
alex jones a right wing, conspiracty theorists liar
the news reader reads the news for the day and the flash news are highlighted below the screen in the news channel.
a man talking to the camera
a middle aged man wearing white shirt and grey coat with long necktie is explaining some information in a tv channel
if false sandy hook conspiracy7 free speech to observe her to info wars
a man in a sport coat, no tie, is sitting at a desk on cnn talking about sandy hook.
a person with black court and telling the news in info wars
a person reading the news in infowars channel
a man in a suit is speaking into a microphone on television.
one person with ash colour dress is telling about sandy hook
an important man with glasses looks very convinced at an speaker
let the speaker know you are listening and interested in what they have to say.
a black and white photo with background narration.
three old people are sitting together in a room
a man describing a prominent historical personality.
old photos of men in suits with a person talking.
a still shot of elderly men on a political hearing is shown.
black and white video of 6 men seeting looking conncerned, with a voice over man explaining what is happening
men dressed in attentive suit and camera makes approach to another thoughtful man.
somebody explaining the people moods of the pictures
a very colorful cartoon with various animals playing musical instruments
someone is watching a cartoon show of a parade.
an animated video showing funny characters and their activities
educational cartoon with different characters with music
the clip  shows  learning nursery rhyme characters coming on a train led by a boy.
a cute little boy is performing along with his animal friends in a very sweet way
several cartoon characters marching and playing instruments.
cartoon animals playing instruments in a parade led by a baby.
an animated parade of animals playing instruments led by a small child.
in this video we can see a train and a baby and animals of a band
a woman in a blue dress is singing 'this little light of mine'. it seems to be a choir singing for church.
a female singer singing a song with other crew member standing by the side.
a women singing the song in the mike and back to standing the girls
a group of blue dressed ladies standing behind of a leading singer in blue singing at her peak voice.
a blue with fat lady is singing a popsong and others are backside of her
many girls wearing a blue dress and standing in front of mike and one woman is signing a song in high pitch mode
a woman dressed in purple singing. there are many women in the background dressed in the same clothes.
a group of singers are on stage giving a performance.
a group of  female singers are on the stage all dressed in blue dresses. one of the female singer from the group sings on the mic to the audience.
women singing in front of a group of other women.
woman dressed in black, with a lot of homemade candles in the kitchen.
a woman is smelling a lot of various candles displayed all over her kitchen countertop.
she is showing several types of aromatic candles.
a women with a lot of candles describing how they fell about the scents.
a girl with black top on is displaying a lot of different candle bottles in the kitchen.
a lady explainse about some beautiful candels and colorful.
the variety of and different and colourful bottles, and she is explained thats it.
a woman is standing on top of a ton of jars. the jars are of different colors. she says they fill her nostrils.
she is showing us her larege collection of candles.
a lady telling that it is very hard to tell about the smell of the newly painted cup with her nostrils.
in this simulated scene, an armed person is simulating being shot dead, after unsuccessfully attemptiing to surprise his killers.
a man in an adidas t-shirt peeks out from behind a barrier with a gun and mimes getting shot and falling to the floor.
an animated man in a black shirt holding a gun steps around a stack of boxes, aims the gun, then staggers and falls back to the ground as if dead.
a man hiding behind some boxes with a gun with glasses on.
a person has a gun and he pointing it on anyone but fall down himself
person with gun hides behind box, leaps out and then pretends to be shot.
this video shows that a person in black wearing adidas t-shirt was trying to shoot someone and got shooted by someone
a man hiding behind the box came out with gun, but is shot by someone and fell in to the floor.
a man with a gun comes around from behind a pillar and then falls backwards.
a man wearing a black shirt comes around a corner of boxes with a drawn pistol before dropping backwards onto a black mat.
a man in a open yard practising gun shooting.
man in gray shirt shoots with gun at target
a person is tries to attempt his aim
a man with earmuffs shoots a gun at a target.
a man is doing target practice with a gun.
a man is trying to practice with the gun.
a mans back is seen,wearing a grey t shirt and wearing his headphones. the man tries to aim the shooting gun at the white cardboard.
a person in the woods shooting at a target with a handgun.
a young man shoots a handgun at a small paper sign
a guy wearing blue t-shirt holds a pistol and he is shooting at a target.
man like creatures are fighting in war field and some of them are dead.
scene of a war, one person attacks the other dropping it to the ground then two bodies fall
two armies are colliiding in a dark fantary universe. the protagonist engages a key villain.
there are a bunch of people fighting in a war and lots of people are dying.
the robots are shoot the gun fire with each other
there is a war between the animals and they have some weapons in hand
it looks like war many creatures are fighting with each other and dying
group of proples are fighting in a dark place
a computer animated fantasy battle rages as laser lights fly overhead.
fighting of soldiers with lazer guns and many faling prey.
a lady in black singing with a shelf of photographs in the background.
a girl is singing with background music
white and blonde artist singing in the bed of a room
a blond woman is singing a song in a mildly light room.
a blonde woman wearing a black jacket is singing.
a blonde woman with athletic blouse singing
blonde woman in a purple blouse is singing
there is a woman talking to the camera in the picture
one girl in purple colour dress is singing song
woman in training outfit, sitting on a bed in a bedroom, opens up about her emotions in her music video.
a mouse works out with a mouse trap before some cheese is shown on a cutting board.
an ad for cheese showing a (fake) mouse bench pressing the metal bar of a mouse trap, then cutting to a thing showing cheese and text nolan's chedder seriously strong
a rat celebrating a feast of bread and blue band
a mouse is using the mouse trap as a gym. he is laying down an pushing the bar up, then he eats cheese.
a mouse is bench-pressing a rat trap as if it's exercising equipment, then is eating cheese.
a mouse is doing push-ups while in a mouse trap and then he eats some cheese.
a rat is working out with a rat trap as if it was a bench press, and an ad for nolan's cheddar is shown.
a rat frees himself from a mousetrap in order to eat the piece of cheddar cheese sitting nearby.
a mouse exercises and then performs next to two packages of cheese.
a rat is lifts up a mouse trap and is seen eating cheese
a man is talking about some black tool parts .
a man is trying to create some item with lego blocks.
a man ready adjust the blocks
a man shows two pieces of black lego, while other colored pieces are on the table.
lego pieces are categorized on sheets of paper. a man narrates.
there are building blocks and a person is trying to build something
a guy is busy working on fixing something
a man is talking about some pieces and is holding a piece in his hand
a man assembles blue and black legos between them
hand craft to build a raples with materials
a person on a lighted stage with another person leaving the stage
a guy is standing on a big stage in a auditorium and talking.
one boy is getting down to the stage and one girl is watching and standing
a person standing back side in the stadium
a person standing on a huge dark stage
a woman stands alone in the stage with a big black curtain behind her
on a large platform of the stage one person is standing while another one leaving before a large audience.
man voice overs about someone on stage, stating that this is a woman smiling, whilst a woman is smiling on stage.
there is a woman on the stage with no audience and a black background
a woman standing on stage watching another person walk away
a woman is using a glue gun and making something
she prepare a design clip at home using color paper, pin and put gum using gun.
there's a woman holding a diy bow. she holds a glue gun and adds more details to the bow.
a girl is preparing a hair clip of a butterfly type with gorgeous glitters on it.
a person with pink nails builds a blue bow.
a women is creating a butterfly with cloth and a piece of metal pin.
a woman is making a hair accesory with the help of a glue gun
a women is making butterfly design using blue paper and gums.
a woman with pink nails making a hairtie
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a women is showing her gray colour coat and she is wearing blue colour t shirt and blue colour jean
the female wearing blue t-shirt is holding a grey over coat and talking.
choosina blacer to wear the lady with coloured
a woman in a navy blouse holding up a grey coat.
there's a mother who picks out a shirt and asks who it's from.
a woman in a blue t-shirt shows a light jacket from her wardrobe
blond woman in jeans is checking out a suit with a younger woman at the camera.
a while girl took out a shirt for showing.
a woman wearing a blue shirt is holding a coat in her hand.
a middleaged women wearing black top and jeans, holding a blazzer up in the air and describing about the origin of the blazzer
he's talking about tennis.
the man hand with shoe, and he is some speaking.
a man wearing a white t-shirt telling the experience a black shoe in his hand
a guy with a white jersey is talking while holding a shoe
a black man in white tshirt hold a grey color sports shoe in his hand and explain about it.
a man holds a grey shirt as he speaks about them in front of a checkered background.
a black man with beard wearing white sweater holding a black gray shoes
shoe tye explined by a black player man its a branded company
the person holding a shoe in his hand and talks about it
a black african man describes about a branded shoe, it looks expensive
the plane landed and then many kind of jets were showed
showing a fighter landing aircraft carrier.
fighter jets are landing on an aircraft carrier and other planes are at rest on the deck of the aircraft carrier.
the aircraft lands on the big ship.
this airport serves as a seagoing airport, fully equipped to the control tower, and having the necessary facility to carrying arms.
a plane landing on a aircraft carrier and then a view of the ship
a plane is landing on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier which is shown to be equipped with everything needed to be a sea going airport.
we have a military base at sea full of aircraft carriers that appear to be american
there is an airplane and a white plane is flying
1. sea going airport are controlled with tower 2. all necessary facilities securities are deployed
in the car, a person with a gun and shoot bullets, one other car injured person going there very fast.
action movie scene involving gun shots being fired and a car speeding away.
in a dark night when a man shoot at an another man   a car with bright light is crossing fastly.
the strange person pointing the gun over a hero and he shooted but the hero escaped
a man is shooting at a moving car.
a car chase between two cars and someone is shooting at someone.
scene from a movie where there is shooting.
a man sitting inside the car firing with gun on another car which is going very fast on the road.
a person with gun is shoting against a man fuggitive.
a man in a vehicle is shooting at another car driving away.
standing out in the middle of nowhere was a lady wearing a white dress.
in this video a girl in white frock is singing and moving in the lake through stones
a woman in white is singing song in the jungle
a lady walks on the frozen river,with singing beautifuly.
a white dressed women walking near the river
a women in a white gown singing a song at the side of river and touch the water of his foot.
music clip of a local woman where there is a river.
a woman is singing on river that is inside the forest
blonde women standing near a lake and singing.
a barefoot woman in a fancy white dress is walking across a river.
a person is singing a sing and other one is playing guitar
double of men in black dress singing in a very clarity scenario
men dressed in black shirt singing and playing guitar
a band with a person singing their music outdoors.
a person in black shirt is singing  a song and the person beside him is playing a guitar
the band group is performing on a stage and person with long hair singing a song
one person in sing a song and dancing moment
some guys are performing a song with guitars
dave grohl of foo fighter sings one of his songs in a rhythmic fashion, taken from one of the official videos of the band.
a rock band with two members singing their song and playing the guitar.
bugs bunny tries to get directions but no one is paying attention to him
bugs bunny cartoon with the rabbit looking at a map.
bugs bunny is at a race track talking and animals are racing around him
bugs bunny is sitting outside and reading from something.
a cartoon rabbit pops up from its burrowing hole in a stadium asking directions from a matador running away from a bull.
an animated bunny is examining a map in the center of a bullfighting arena as if he has taken a wrong turn.
bugs bunny is stuck in a hole and he is looking at a map.
a rabbit inspects a map and attempts to ask directions.
a rabbit whose upper body is above the ground tries to read from a piece of paper while in the background, a bull runs after another rabbit.
bugs bunny getting lost, tries to ask a person who is being chased by a bull for directions.
a man handling meat to prepare a dish.
hands of a man handling a meat on a wooden table in a kitchen while talking.
on a cutting board, a man takes a large piece of bacon.
a man is explaining the thickness and layers of a square shaped meat piece which is on the cutting board
a person is lifting the meat off the chopping board and turning it over
a man showing the piece of meet on the table
a chef handling a large piece of pork belly prior to cooking.
a man showing how to select and make a perfect pork
a cook is showing pork belly meat cut in the shape of square.
the man hand with someone things, and he will explained the things.
the man with grey suit is talking in a show.
on success, an apparently successful man in financial life gives some tips on how to walk the path of those who want to get out of poverty
a person speaking about in stage
author brian tracy speech with normal sellings vs consultative selling.
a man in a suit talks with viewers about selling.
describing that the author about the marketing via buying and selling goods
the speaker brian tracy is explaining his expertise on selling.
some guy is explaining about his seminar classes and  how he handles the people in the seminar
an old man named brian tracy is speaking
a man in a black suit and pink tie talks
two people are romatically involved in a room
a men hold the womens neck and sing the song
a person looks suspicious while a couple is romancing and singing a song.
a famous pop singer is singing and being hugged tenderly by a man while she is smiling.
a music video showing a man hugging a woman followed by another man stealing something from a cupboard.
there is a woman who is getting hugged by another person from the back.
nicki minaj is being held by a rapper and loved a lot
a guy and a girl are hugging then a guy is adjusting the light while she is singing.
a woman hugged by a man is singing a song in a video clip
scene from a music video where a man interacts with a woman while she sings
a young violinist woman reveres the audience as they applaud her.
a group of musicians perform with their music instruments and the crowed is clapping.
a violinist is praised by the audience with applause
a young girl bowing her head with a violin in her hand.
an orchestra has finished playing music and the musicians are bowing. there is a large audience applauding in the background.
this is a woman who is playing the violin and then takes a nice bow
conductor woman thanks the audience's palms with colleagues.
asian violin player woman thanks the audience for their applause.
musicians are getting ready to perform in front of large crowd
a violinist taking a bow on stage in front of the orchestra
a man giving  some useful information
a tinker teaching how to dent a car body using a tool.
a man using a black tool to fix a red car
a man is videoing a tutorial of sorts related to cars and is narrating what he's doing.
an individual is attempting to adjust a part on a red vehicle with beige interior.
a man try to open the screw of the car
someone attaches a black tool to a part of a car
a person adjusting some bolt .
a person is teaching how to remove a screw in the door of a car
there's a person who is working on parts of their car.
mickey mouse and 2 of his friends ask if you want to go with him to mars.
some one watching mickey mouse talking.
mickey mouse talks to the crowd along with his dog and friend
mickey mouse cartoon character talks as two other characters stand on each side.
micky mouse and his team are asking us if we want to go on a mission with him.
mickey mouse is asking if you want to go on an adventure.
mickey mouse asking if we want to go on a trip to mars with him.
there are many disney characters like mickey, pluto, and donald duck.
mickey and pluto are going on an adventure to mars.
mickey mouse, who is standing beside his dog pluto and donald duck, invites the viewer to come on an adventure with him to mars.
a woman is talking about a piece of music and why it is important on telling us who we are.
go threw some papers in the note that is some sentences and pictures are there
a woman is speaking and turning the pages of a musical book.
one person is telling us about a music notes
the person is turning the pages of a music book and talks about it.
a women open the book and turn the pages
a woman is showing a book full of different and quite old melodies
a lady is talking through music sheets and tell us more about who we are.
mounting a partition of several songs
some old partitures laminated, maybe from an old compositor
a blonde boy is dressed up as a ghostbuster for halloween.
a young man dressed in gray overalls and a backpack on his back talking.
a man wearing a ghostbusters outfit is speaking to a woman that is outside the picture.
some web series opening introduction scene spanish language
a boy talking to a girl in a foreign language in a scene.
a young boy is telling about his present status
a boy in gray work clothes.
young man wearing a super dress with lot of equipments in his back and expressing his thoughts with his words
a boy with a gas tank on his shoulder talks angrily to someone.
a blonde boy in grey overalls and equipment on back is talking
some animation characters came into the church and sat on the bench
three womens ready to sit in the theatre for watching movie
a cartoon with some characters sitting in the theatre waiting for shows to start.
an animated family is sitting in the seats on a theatre.
there are people gathering together on a bench, perhaps for a presentation.
narration of a scene from a film where various characters are at a theater
in a drama show ,there were a huge crowd .there were two girls are very interested to came to the show with his brother.they were going to sit in the last row .but suddenly the unknown stranger  sit near the girls.
people sit in a theater to watch a show
they are explained to maintain the social distance
a four chartoon character is seating in the bench and a person is speaking
two people sitting on a colorful chair listening to a man sing during a tv show.
two reality show judges sitting and listening to a music.
a man and a lady sitting on judges chair a song being played suddenly lady stand up
two judge from the tv show the voice listening to a performer.
one man and one women sitting in red and black colour chair and watching stage..
judges in an auditorium program listen to a singer and wait for an approval.
two people are sitting in red and black chairs
two judges on a musical tv show evaluating a candidate and both demonstrate being satisfied with the talent of the singer
the members of the jury of a music program are surprised by the beautiful voice of a candidate.
the judge sitting on the chair and talking each other
showing his skateboard performance.
a guy with grey top and white cap is riding on skateboard and doing tricks.
a boy with a gray shirt and black trousers does a skateboard somersault on a track
a man rolls on a skateboard and does a skateboard trick.
it is about how to perform skating in road.
a boy is doing skateboarding and jumps at the end
man skateboarding with white bone trying to do tricks.
a man with cap is practicing  skating on road.
a man with cap is moving with skate board
man walking and maneuvering on a skateboard while being filmed
a man describes how impressed he is to drive a special car
a person with black t-shirt is driving a car and giving a review about it.
chris harris drives a sportscar while talking to the camera.
a boy driving car and give instruction how to drive car.
we still have young man driving his ferrari
a person testin a fast car looks like a ferrari
chris harris is driving a sports  car and he is describing about it
a man with black t-shirt driving a open car and recording video who worn hat.
a man driving his car and talking about it
a person is driving a car with high speed
a man in black sunglasses on the screen four times singing.
a person wearing a red shirt is singing and performing.
same man imitating singing the same song in different videos.
a man is singing gangnam style using his own mixed vocals for each voice part.
a guy with orange  shirt,black tie and black glass is singing.
a musician singing a song in a  hall
a man with black sunglasses singing amazing song and dancing
a man in a black shirt and black glasses is singing a song on 4 screen divisions
a man in orange shirt, black tie and sunglasses, performs a song.
a man with pink shirt ,tie and black goggles is singing a song.
a man looking the beautiful mountain and river
epic shot of a person standing on top of a hill overlooking a large lake.
a very beautiful and adventures natural seen lake and mountain
they are showing us the view of mountains.
some aerial footage of a mountainside and there is some epic music with it.
the mountain and the person is standing to the area. the nature place.
amazing mountain images, captured by a professional drone pilot
a man on a mountain top in a beautiful back round in the wilderness.
camera paning over beutiful countryside and mountains with a man standing on the top of it
an aerial view of flying over mountaintops and a glassy lake.
picture of a city destroyed possibly by a hurricane while the narrator explains the picture.
the damaged parts of houses are shown.
scientists observe the ruins of a city after a natural catastrophe.
a person is photographing some rubble with his camera
we have a person or journalist who takes photos of the rubble of a place
a photograph of a destroyed home after some desaster has reduced it to rubble.
report from the scene of a catastrophe with ruined houses
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a man is taking photo of a scene near a demolished building using his camera.
sad reality of when nature turns against us either through hurricanes as in the case of the video or some other incident that devastates due to natural issues
the man that eyes are not perfectly drawn
an image of a man with a different looking eyes
a large old man that looks like its a statue.
a drawing of a figure in black and white slowly comes closer.
a closeup of man looking straight and his eyes black part was missing.
there is a man with no eyes a muscular face in front of a dark background.
a bust of an old white male with no eyes, dimples and a wrinkled forehead.
in the video shows the story of an ancient man
a photo of a blind man having no pupil in his eye
a story about a man whose graphic portrait is shown
a person is with several tigers, in a circus, and is showing the public what he has taught one of the tigers.
a ring master controlling number of tigers in a circus
a man in a circus ring is trying to get a tiger to go through a hoop
tiger is performing on stage  according to the trainers instructions
a man is playing with a tiger in a circus
a man in the ring wears a tuxedo while working with tigers in front of the crowd.
a man with a white stick gets a tiger to stand up on its hind legs and walk in a circle.
in a circus a man was controlling the tiger's actings
in a circus a man showing entertaining the public with tigers.
a tamer inside a circus cage performs with lot of tigers.
very nice dance and music to distance maintaining
some girls are singing and dancing on the floor
seven to eight young boys and girls are singing along with dancing
a group of girls sing a song and dance gracily, all are having mike in their hand
very eloquent video, colorful and well done, really beautiful
a group of womens and mens singing and dancing
it's a tv show where asian girls are singing pop and dancing together.
hip-hop girls sing and dance in a small room
a group of at least 7 girls are singing a song while dancing with people in the background. the people are very fashionably dressed. the song is very nice.
the girls are practice in dance class
a woman walks out of a store and a guy follows behind her and takes a drink from her.
a young woman dressed in pink comes out of a shop holding a packet of juice. a man dressed as a woman comes after her, grabs the juice and starts drinking it.
a woman comes out of a store wearing a pink outfit and holding a drink.
a girl dressed in a pink dress reaches out with a juice and a man wearing a floral t-shirt takes the juice from his hand and drinks
a girl is drinking a juice.
there is a young woman in a pink dress who raises a bag.
three persons are coming out of the house and the boy snatches the drink held up by the girl.
a young woman walks out of a building carrying a beverage in a bag up in the air. another person grabs the drink from her hand and begins drinking though the straw as a third person looks on.
a girl comes out with a bag and showing a packed juice for her dad where another person takes and drinks
the girl is come in outside juice buy the that girl. other girl is juice take the moment.
some tv ads are playing on the screen.
sequence of programs shown on the disney television channel
a short advertisement of disney channel with purple background and videos playing in the middle.
many videos of people together and animation are played one after one
the advertisement about different shows and cartoon with actors and white dog.
the kids and animals toys is disnep in the room. animation is occur.
a series of clips of different disney tv shows are flashed in the middle of a purple screen.
an advertisement is displayed of the shows in disney.
all video's mixed in you tube channel
first two person in balloon basket than a lady and a man than some cartoon charaters and than two girls one in black t-shirt other in red t-shirt talking than a sence of dinning table than some cartoon characters finally end up with a white dog with brown ear sitting
a close look to the inside part of a nice car
a man is describing a car's seat material, and the control for the 10 way power adjustable driver seat and lumbar support.
showcasing the sophisticated car interior with comfort and high technology
showing the interiors of a truck and zooming in on the seat controls.
showing the interior of a car, front seats and the buttons to regulate the position of the driver's seat.
a man describes the interior of a car, which includes upholstered leather and chairs offering lumbar support.
its showing the inside view of the car like its steering wheel and also upholstery also showing the control buttons.
a nice interior of a luxury car showing the superb inside look
a quick video of the interior of the drivers side of a car
a man describing the internal feature of a truck.
a man is having a line shaved into his hair near his ear.
a person is getting their hair touched up and styled
someone is making a line and someone else head.
a barber edges a mans hair over quick music.
the person is combing their hair as they are getting their hair done.
a teenage boy with mohawk hair is geting his hair pressed in with a tool above his shaved white line.
a hairdresser is cutting lines into a man's hair do and you can hear loud music playing.
a man is getting a haircut by a barber as loud music plays.
a barber is cutting a design into a guy's hair, the hair is long on top and shaved on the sides.
a young boy gets a fancy hair cut using a razor that makes a straight line around his entire head.
a large shark emerges from the water as it prepares to take a bite of meat.
shark eating from bait hung from a boat.
a huge shark coming out the water with it's mouth opened.
there is a great white shark coming out of the ocean by a boat with its mouth open
a shark going out of water to eat large bait.
the man is filming how big the shark was in the water.
a huge shark is eating a large fish.
an enormous shark rears its head out of the water
a video of a large shark is shown, while two male voices can be heard exclaiming about the size of the shark.
a whale in ocean which has opened its wide mouth with strong teeth
a video about a boy swimming in a pool
a boy is swimming in the water wearing red under wear
the boy is easily swimming and very fast.
shooting from the pool, where the boy in safety glasses dived
a young boy dived inside a deep swimming pool and came upwards
a boy wearing shorts and googles swimming in a pool.
a child jumps into a swimming pool and swims down towards the bottom.
a boy jumped and dived down a swimming pool.
kid diving to the lowest part of the pool
boy diving and swimming in deep blue pool.
guy in white t-shirt taking money and shaking hands with others.
the people is talking about something at the party
a man in white shirt is with his kids in a concert and a man in green shirt tell them to take theirkkids to the down floor
it was a party time,all the peoples were enjoying.
some people around a star in white and green and man with red cap wearing some id and having buffed body.
a man giving a family tickets for the forth row of a show. the kids look very excited and the men shake hands.
many people are busy talking to each other
a group of people celebrating with a young girl with joy.
people in a party
there are some people talking each other and shake hand to everybody.
a guy with straight hair and bangs, wearing a black blazer and scarf is playing guitar and singing.
a man in black coat with tie singing and dancing
a boy with short-long hair in dark green wearing a scarf and singing a song.
a british singer in a printed scarf sings and plays guitar.
a crowd of kids get excited at a concert
young man playing guitar and singing a song in rock style
a guy with a background sound playing the guitar and dancing while singing a song
a young man is singing and playing his guitar at the same time!
a male singer dancing and singing in a musical video.
a british man in a loud scarf sings a song and plays the guitar.
a  girl with long hair and a dark sweater sitting in front of a piano sings a song
a woman in a black dress and sing a song with mike
a girl singing in stage, she wearing black dress
a girl is singing a song in front of a mic.
a young girl is playing the piano and singing in front of a cheering crowd.
a girl in black clothes singing and playing the piano.
there is a little girl singing a radiohead song while playing the piano
a child dressed in black plays the piano and sings in front of the audience.
a young girl with brunette hair singing on the mike while playing with piano
a little girl sings fantastically on stage at a piano.
a person is fixing some machine and the girl in the side screen explaining about it.
a popular youtuber comments on a photograph of someone kneeling before an atm.
a woman in the left corner and a image in the right corner
the lady is making an excuse why she can't go shopping.
the female with white dress is talking about something.
vedeo of a girl talking about a picture of another person in a atm machine crouched down
a woman in white shirt is speaking
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
it seems that the woman is an influencer giving her opinion of some social event
girl in a white sweater with long dark hair talks about atms
a man seems to be saying something to the other person
the man is yelling  it is a mollow.
a young man talking on the content of food.
vlog of a young white man
person speaking in a room
a man wearing a red tee shirt and a black hat is talking
a person in red colour shirt with black colour hat is talking about something
man in red shirt and black bone complaining about something he didn't like
a young boy talking about milk and salad
a boy of average height wearing a red blouse and black cap, arguing with someone
a sweep through view is being shown of a suite within a luxury hotel which costs $25,000 per night!
the home contains beds and dining table
very interesting video and done very well, excellent
a luxurious overview of a $25,000 per night suite in the ritz carlton located in japan.
a man narrating the ritz carlton suites showing different rooms and spaces of hotel
a well furnished house is shown with the price
showing a house for sale.
the person is explaining the advertisement of a house.
a house with the beautiful interior for sale, full furnished ready to sale house
a lovely apartment of amazing living room, dining room and bedroom for a huge price.
some girl is talking about the gun debate situation and it is really necessary
in channel cnn newsroom a lady wearing spectacles giving her opinion regarding gun debate rages 1 year after church massacre
black elderly woman sad and talking to the camera in elegant room.
an old lady speaking in a news programme
a dark-skinned woman with glasses and a blue dress is sitting on an armchair and she's talking to the reporter
a lady gives interview to the media and explains about his god experience.
a middle aged black woman wearing spectacles talking in the tv about the mishap .
she is remebering the tragedy moment in her life
breaking news -tragedy in charleston,gun debate rages i year after church massacre
a woman is talking about a gun shooting on a news program.
a turtle runs on a treadmill set to music.
a turtle is running pretty fast on a treadmill.
a turtle is on the tread mill running.
turtle running very fast on a treadmill
a turtle is running on a fast moving treadmill with music playing.
a tortoise running on the tread mill in the gym
a small turtoise is on a  treadmill moving at a high speed
there is a turtle running fast on a treadmill.
there is a turtle on a treadmill and it seems like he is not going to fall off.
a turtle running on a treadmill.
a group of five women as a picture moving across the screen.
the selfie girl in selfie in the phone. white in all girls.
5 girls on the screen taking selfie picture with the mobile on background music
five girls are seen with musical background.
five ladies with beautiful eyes posing for a photo
a pop song plays over a graphic of five attractive women with great hair.
five women posing for photo with lively dance
five women are standing together in a still image while music plays over top.
group of girls taking selfie and music playing in background
some girl is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song and a taking a selfie
black t-shirt person singing song inside the room
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a guy is rapping with headphones over the ears.
a man wearing hat and earphones with microphone singing.
the man is singing while the other man pretending to hit him in the face.
we are sitting on the chair and doing a performance.
an energetic man sits in his gaming chair infront of a honeycomb background.
a person looks more animated in presenting his talent
a remix of a youtuber's words, with a yellow background
the man sing a song on comouter..
a man is modelling a black jacket, blue jeans, and black boots
a man shows his style of black jacket which he is wearing
a young man in a black puffy coat and blue jeans while the narrator compliments the coat.
a man commenting on one.
there's a man who is wearing a puffy black jacket and blue jeans.
a man in black jacket seems to be in very happy mood
a man is dressed in a jacket while a woman is talking about the man's clothes.
man wearing a black jacket and jeans with a gray wall behind
a man is modelling and advertising a black jacket
a male model wearing jeans and a black puffer jacket strikes different poses as a narrator describes the jacket.
a model showing her clothes on camera
a blonde woman showing her collection of skirts
dress fitness was ecplined by experts inside the room
a  beautiful girl with blonde hairs in white shirt and pink skirt is showing off her dress in which she is looking pretty.
beautiful woman in light room with pink tones and clothes in the background.
a woman is trying on different combinations of clothes and they look nice.
she purchase the dress and analysis the design of dress
a lady showing her dress style in a room
a woman showing her look in cut scenes and narrating about it
a women is trying the a skirt and giving its review
a man peers into a window and in frustration makes a series of noises and head shakes.
mr.bean standing infront of the house and started to go.
a cartoon mr. bean appears to be agitated and is making noises before becoming happy suddenly.
a character looks about and makes many rapid and quirky gestures.
mr bean cartoon character shaking his head in disagreement before walking away.
mr bean is getting angry after watching someone from a window and at last he got an idea to tackle the situation.
a man gets angry and finds a solution for his problem
a cartoon man in a suit and tie using an atm machine.
drawing of mister bin with a red tie social dress inside an office and a picture inside a room a lock lock picture
an animated charater is talking and then walking
a graphic presentation of the silicon replacing other chemicals.
a man is explaining a research using graphics.
its how tesla car modules with diagram of a part in car
a person explaining the function lithium ion battery in an animated video.
we have an educational video tutorial youtube for people
a battery cell showing with silicon
a graphite and silicon formula is showing with voice explanation
a man talks about research which replaces storage medium graphite with silicon. if successful, energy density will increase.
graphical representation video of a research on storage replacing graphite with silicon will increase the storage capacity.
a commentary about silicon research and a model.
in the video a female singer is waiting for people to join so that she can sing a song
a girl was singing, and every people is claped
a women is standing on stage while people are applauding her.
a girl with a cap standing near mic and lot of audience clapping and some blue halogen lights above.
woman receiving many applications from a huge plateau
the crowd is cheering for the lady on the stage.
a women standing infront of the mic on a stage with lots of audience
a woman performing on stage to an audience with many people.
a white woman in front of the microphone was watching the crowd and listening to the noise
a lady in the center stage waiting to start her perfomance.
a ship is loaded with a baskets moving on a water
the ship which is on the water is carrying a large number of containers.
a video about a shipping container liner that looks like it crashed
two cargo ships collided with each other and some of the cargo on one ship spills on to the deck of the other.
two big ships, one container and one tanker, crashing out at sea
a cargo ship moves into the sea with lot of goods.
two ocean liner cargo ships were too close together causing one to ram into the other.
an accident with a huge container ship, several rows of containers fell to an adjacent site
very biggest boat touch the water line so very danger that time shoot it.
cargo ship completely full, in the sea with rainy weather
its a cctv footage on supermarket
supermarket products falling to the ground because of an earthquake.
a video camera shows a store shaking from an earthquake as a narrator tells how it starts.
the earthquake caused by the volcano is recorded by the supermarket cameras.
there are so many items falling in the store suddenly
learn about earthquakes, how they start and their results.
a earthquake had somewhere,and lots of thing had crushed.
man running out of shop as earthquake hits and stock is falling around him.
an earthquake hits a shop and items begin to fall from the ceiling.
the things kept inside a shopping place falling down
a man flying a small, futuristic airplane through a city counts down and then presses a button. a motorcycle with a woman driving it is lowered out of the plane and onto the street below where she dodges traffic.
a man flying a spacecraft and dropping another man on a motorbike.
a guy came out of a spaceship on a motorcycle
one of the avengers driving a plane and then the black widow riding a bike
a person open the air craft then another person go out the aircraft and ride on a road
a person is riding a bike after he gets ejected from airplane
a man in a plane is counting down and opens a hatch and a bike rider woman comes out.
a man is piloting a jet through the city and then the bottom opens up and drops out a woman on a motorcycle who drives fast through the traffic.
scene of a movie with an airplane from which a person gets off on a motorbike traveling on a busy road
a bike is come out of the airplane  and the bike is riding by a women in the road
two house with a large yard
cartoon clip showing a a house with brightnes in the background
the roofs of a couple of houses are shown at sunset as slow music plays.
rooftops oh houses are shown, with mellow, comforting guitar music in the background.
in this video we can see two american houses from an external point of view
early morning the sun set time see the house very beautiful
a house with a large garden and trees in the background is shown.
a birds eye view of the roofs on two different houses.
this was a clip of a house being shown from the exterior.
two house roofs are panned over, one after another.
there is a singer and starts singing in front of a microphone
person rapping with the words bugzy malone in the foreground.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
an intro to a black and white bugzy malone music video
rapper bugzy malone in studio, recording a new song
bugzy malone with another introduction for a new music hit.
a rapper named as bugzy malone  with headphones on his ears is going to sing a rap song
a man wearing a cap singing in a recording studio
a singer ready to sing a song
a man is singing into a microphone in a recording studio.
the scene from the bacon making industry shows big machine chopping of the meat.
large pieces of meat being processed by a large industrial machine.
women wearing a full yellow plastic uniform using a machine with a lot of needles injecting a liquid in bacons that come in a chain of supply at the end shows a lot of pork meat hanging and another worker with the same uniform
meat company with a female commercial voice in the background
filling meat with water in preparation for sale on an industrial scale
this video demonstrates several steps in how bacon is made.
a man in his yellow factory uniform is packing the bacon and a lady is explaining the process.
person with a special yellow clothes handling meat pieces new from a machine
a video showing how pork is processed in the factories.
non veg cutting proceed in  non-veg machine
chefs are preparing food at the kitchen of the restaurant.
two cooks competing on a culinary television program
cutting vegetable to prepare food in kitchen
the persons wearing chef dress are working in the restaurant kitchen
in restaurant two boys are prepare to cook with white colour hand gloves
two men are preparing a dish in the kitchen
two chefs are working in a restraunt.
two men dressed in the same clothes prepare food.
two chefs from denmarks noma which is named  no: 1restaurant,  were preparing food in their restaurant
two guys cooking next to each other with white gloves
woman narrating how to make a cake and presenting the ingredients.
a woman is following the steps to make a recipe.
the lady some cooking, and demo to the powder to water mixing
mixing home made pancake mix
a person mixing premix and he is making ready for preparing.
baking instructions - flour in a glass bowl, milk in a jug
a content creator provides instructions on how to make a treat of sorts.
a women uses beater, flour, milk in kitchen to do some dish to eat.
a lady is giving tips on how to make mixing material.
someone mixing something in a bowl and showing some ingredients
person putting a flexible piece of rubber over a soda can.
a man doing something with the can from coca-cola and blue cover
a person with his two hands demonstrates how to close a coca-cola tin with a blue colour synthetic cloth
someone tries to put a blue balloon on the coca cola can.
a coke can has a blue balloon placed on the top of it by a set of hands.
a person is attaching a rubber elastic tight top to a can of coke.
a person does an experiment with a coke can and a balloon.
a man showing a hack from a coca cola can.
a person closing the coca cola containers top through ballon
a person is putting something rubber over a coke can.
2 men are working together applying tar paper to large board.
there are two people showing how to install a roof.
a man in a blue shirt hammers roof shingles to a small roof.
two men are hammering nails into what looks like roofing materials, perhaps on a dog house roof.
a man puts material on a surface, and another man hammers the material into the surface.
two men work together to apply tiles to a slanted board.
a man hits a hammer on a large piece of wood.
there are two men hammering black shingles onto what looks like a board with soft music in the background.
a man from the television program this old house is hammering roofing shingles.
two men building a solar panel using a hammer.
two small sharks are swimming around the sea,and a man is seated on a small  boat.
two sharks are swimming past each other in a very blue ocean
a description of a type of shark and how it attacks.
there are a bunch of sharks in the water and they are swimming around.
the ocean of full of fishes small fish dolphin.
two big sharks cross each other oppositely under the ocean as a man describes it on the background.
the sharks in the deep blue sea.
two sharks swim around a school of fish in the ocean while a surfer sits on their surfboard on the surface of the water.
two sharks swiming around a huge group of fish while a surf is on the top of the water.
a person in black colour dress is riding under sea
on an article webpage featuring a yellow battery, a man describes mixed ionic electronic conductors and electron and lithium ion insulators.
screen shot of web page is appeared and some one is explaining about the electronics
showing the functioning of a battery.
a man talks about how new electrode desing may lead to more  powerful batteries
a picture with a battery that's yellow and black on news.
the man reading mit news about a new electrode design
a man comments on a news item on an information website called mit news.
the person talks about some news with mit.
there is a person talking about mit batteries, one side is plus and one side minus of battery.
voiceover giving description of page on the mit news website.
a shirtless warrior is standing in front of a burning fire
a man with big, shirtless hair talks to someone in a red sky setting with a fire burning in the background.
one cartoon show is going and cartoon character is saying something
a cartoon man with long black hair and a beard is speaking.
two cartoon characters playing a scene, one giant man and other small boy
a cartoon man is talking to another person may be avatar
a person with brown cloth worship the opposite person
a person doing a magic infront of a child avatar a monk.
an animated series where there is a shirtless man apparently praying and there is a boy also watching him
shirtless man and black pants gives speech
a man in a brown hat is dancing and singing in spanish.
a couple dances on a stage in front of a couple singing the accompanying song.
a couple dancing together with the background song was romantic.
dancers entertain the paid audience of a tv show.
girl and man dancing on stage and song playing in background
man with a white shirt and dance hat with a woman on a little lighting stage
a singer is singing and two people are doing a dance routine in front of him.
couples showing dance performance in front of other people
a man dances with a woman in a theatrical performance
a man and a woman dance onstage in some type of contest to a song that is not english.
male voice describing the cruise ship harmony of the sea
explaining the history of the large ship
a tall building and large white yacht are close to a body of water.
harmony of the sea cruise which is one of the largest ships in the fleet
a peroson is telling about largest shipping company in the world which is harmony and the seas, that it was started in 2012 and was completed in 2015
a video playing fully in moving the ship in see
giant white ship leaving the shipyard
in this video a man is talking about a ship called harmony of the seas
a narrator describes a large cruise ship in caribbean waters.
a video about the construction of royal carribean's harmony of the seas between 2012 and 2015.  it was briefly the largest ship in the fleet.
a story about what is located inside the system unit
a guy is opening a door.
a man is speaking, and then he opens the door to a room with equipment.
show room in music items
a custom made pc body is analyzed by an enthusiastic pc expert.
a man opens a door to a recording studio and happily exclaims that it was worth $500.
in the video it shows a room of a dj that shows with details
the man open in electronic devices in the screen. black color in the shutter.
a window is opened to reveal large downtown buildings.
man narrating how he is opening a computer for analysis.
music plays while a man rides a horse that is moving its hooves, as a crowd watches.
a dark brown horse prances on top of a light brown wooden platform.
a men is riding a horse with music in the background.
a horse moving rhythmically to music over the background.
a horse steps in place to music as a crowd watches.
a horse steps in place to music while a crowd watches the performance.
a boot wearing brown horse with a rider whose chapped footis only visable shown in the stirrup, lifts a front leg in the air as may onlookers behind a fence watch.
a horse steps and moves around on a wooden platform as music plays
there is a large black horse dancing on a wooden platform to hip hop music.
a horse, with a horseback rider on top of them, dances to a silly beat.
a man in green t-shirt with overcoat of gray and white design talking on a stage with a mic in a program called stand up comedy indonesia.
a boy in green shirt is  doing comedy on stage and every one is laughing after listening to him
a standup comedian tells jokes on stage in a foreign language.
a young man on a stage with beach paraphernalia giving a comedy act.
a man is peaking in a stage holding mike in his hands
45/5000 a man telling joke at a stand up comedy program.
a black man performs stand up comedy in an indonesian language.
a black man with afro hair in a ponytail, busa green, black pants and flowered shirt speaking on a stage with microphone.
a stand up comedian doing comedy in stage
a black guy making a stand up show on tv show.
a woman in a fur vest talks directly to the camera in front of a white background.
a good looking and asian girl talking and giving advice
the woman is advertising about what is on her website.
a young beautiful woman explaining some interesting topic
a lady talks very nicely and her smile explains more things .
a lady with long hair is talking about her videos.
a young asian woman in a fur vest talking about a website with her fans.
a woman with long black hair, red eye shadow, and red lipstick directs her viewers to a website.
a beautiful girl with long hairs is telling about her 5 insta hacks and also appealing for a website to check
a girl on tv show and explains about that show.
many persons talking in a hall and one is dancing and round around.
people singing pop song on stage in front of audience
there are some men and two men fighting among themselves
a group of african american men singing and talking together.
a group of men are standing around together while music plays.
a man in social clothes moves and seems to dance while rapping in the background.
a main boy dancing in a suit, and blue pants while having several other people enjoying the sound!
10 guys in what appears to be a party scene, are surrounded by a crowd of people watching as they sit.
a group of singers are on stage with equiptment and people sitting in the audience.
a bunch of people are arguing on stage with energetic hip hop music in the background.
life is a big risky contract, with unpredictable curves and inevitable accidents.
two truck got accident and there are two person their who are lough and talk to each other
man talking and filming an accident with a walk carrier
someone asks a man wearing yellow t shirt while he watches a truck which has met with an accident.
two men on the side of the road talking and laughing about problems with a semi-truck.
this is a scene where a semi trailer is crashed pretty badly.
in a road the container met accident and two persons are there one is laughing
a car is stopped behind a long truck had an accident on road and a man is saying something to video.
a crumpled truck stopped on a shoulder.
a person in yellow t-shirt wearing a cap and trousers and standing in front of a accident where a trailer is disconnected from its truck.
someone climbing a mountain without safety equipment.
a man in a red shirt is climbing a rock face without ropes.
a man in a red shirt is climbing up a mountain on his own.
a man in a red shirt and black pants scales a sheer cliff wall with climbing ropes.
a woman narrates a man dangerously climbing a cliff on a rope with no safety equipment.
there is a man claiming the rock with any equipment
a man climbing up a clift which is higher
a man wearing a red shirt is free-solo rock climbing.
a woman is commentating, while a man climbs a mountain.
a man in a red shirt is rock climbing.
batman in the middle of several fights talking to a man in a mask before hitting him.
an action scene from a movie between two people while others fight in the scenery.
there are a lot of people wore black dress and fighting each other
bat man fighting with enemy and many are fighting in the street
batman talks to a man in the middle of a massive fight and then they fight each other
batman talking to bane in a crisis situation and starts to fight.
batman fighting with the bald masked man while other people continue fighting in the background
a clip from the film the dark knight rises where batman fights bane.
many peoples fighting with each other.
a group of people fighting in the film
a boy singing in stage and one women prizes his performance
a kid with an amazing voice singing like a career singer in this video is very impressive
a man is singing a country song in front of an audience.
an african american man singing for a crowd on a stage.
african american with a high hairstyle in a denim vest sings a song on stage
a black colored men sing a song on the stage
a man is singing on a tv show
an african american male with tall hair and dressed in a cut-off jean vest sings into a microphone.
a black man in a jean vest performs a song
a person in the blue dressing is singing a song and a blonde girl claps for it.
a woman cries into her pillow in the dark and a car speeds off down the road while it's raining.
looks like a girl who is struggling to sleep. she then cuddles her pillow, like shes lonely, and the video ends at a clip of a car driving in the rain.
a woman wakes up and changes her position in bed
female in turning in bed late at night. automobile driving in rain
it is a music video where we can see a woman sleeping and a fantastic car
a woman crying in bed, a sports car walking on the road in the rain
a woman moves about restlessly in bed as she begins to shake.
a woman tosses in her bed before a car appears.
a person asleep in a bed dreaming of driving a car.
a woman was sleeping holding her pillow tight and was dreaming of a car
a man in a white t-shirt yawns while he combs his hair in front of the mirror.
a man is styling his hair with comb
a man with black hair color is combing his hair
a man making faces and then he starts to comb his hair
the man is makeup in the mirror pre. episode in the screen.
an indian man is combing his hair and making a face while he is doing it.
a man in a white shirt is combing his hair while grunting.
routine, even though it seems ridiculous and common, defines everything we are and what we do with our life
this video is about a man who is combing his hair
a man is in his bathroom making strange facial expressions while combing his hair
two people are riding down a road on one motorcycle.
a couple wearing blue jeans and yellow helmets ride down the street on a black motorcycle.
two people on a motorcycle taking off from an intersection very quickly with other cars around and behind them.
a man accelerates on a motorcycle down a city street while a woman sits behind him.
two people on a loud motorcycle pull away from a traffic light.
a man rides his motorcycle quickly through an intersections with a woman on the back of it.
there are two people on a bike speeding in traffic.
two people on a motorcycle green and yellow helmet
i man and a women speed up on a motorcycle.
a screen shot from youtube channel edcunhaph, titled bikersbr a lady rides on the back of a motercycle driven by a man.
there's a woman who is talking about a barn house.
a white barn is shown, with a glimpse at the inside.
a big white shed, empty inside and with wooden stakes outside
first it shows a white barn house from outside and then it from inside.
a man is talking about renovating a barn for improvement.
a black guy stand in front of a big building and prepare to make something with it
an old barn that someone is planning on restoring.
a white barn with a black roof with cut wood beside it. there's a man in front.
one wooden house in the video, one person standing in front of the house
a handsome man deeply thinking about something and a background music is playing.
in the beggining show a man looking at trhow the window  rose start to falling down after that a
an old person and a rose flower are shown and something  is being said in the background
an old man is looking through the window
they refers to the male patient with their work
a video entitled fearless soul presented by a man giving a numerical representation of a lecture.  a man giving a narration of a video geared towards men.
someone is talking about male patient.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  making a rap music on the mike in front of the audience
video montage of different men appears to be about problems they are facing.
a description about how a male patient feel.
an elderly man is staring out of the window he is sitting by
some people wearing black shirts are dancing
a group of dancers and singers are performing in black, guess they are from exo.
a group of mens dancing in the stage
k-pop band dacing together on black suits
there is a boy band singing and dancing.
a band dressed in black is singing and dancing.
in this video we can see a boy band dancing in a song
asian men are dancing in an urban environment.
there are men dancing in a black shirt
some men's were dancing with same color wearing black color dress
a rabbit with a sword in its hand, running from a dragon spitting fire.
cartoon clip of bugs bunny running with a sword away from a dragon.
bugs bunny running away from a green dragon spitting fire from its mouth.
bugs bunny runs away holding a knife from a fire breathing animal.
bugs bunny with a sword running from a dragon and hiding in a hole.
bugs bunny is holding a sword and running from a dragon, managing to escape going down a hole
in a cartoon show the dinosaur chases a rabbit for killing and rabbit ran fast and hide under earth
a dragon chases bugs bunny, who carries a sword and hides in a burrow
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
bugs bunny running from the dragon with a sword - fragment from a cartoon
man buying a black colored sneaker on an online website
a show is shown on a site as a mouse moves around it.
a man in red color dress educate how to do online shopping.
comment on a website where you sell sneakers.
someone showing how to use the coupon code to check out a $400 pair of nike basketball shoes.
a black color shoe in display in a shopping site
a man is talking about a sneaker that is on the screen; the sneaker on the screen is black with a little bit of blue and red.
shopping website shows what are all the materials they r ready to sale
a young man is demonstrating online shopping, he appears to be purchasing some shoes.
a young african american man is giving a video tutorial on shoe shopping.  he appears in an orange sweatshirt inside a round window with the shopping website in the background.
a woman with unique horns with wings unhappy about a book.
a women in supernatural costume had a bright makeup in her face.
animated woman with winged costume turns around to look at camera
one of the scenes from disney's maleficent movie
this is an animated movie.
revin maya mohini to some speakingand it was see for fear.
a women with very large wing talking anyother person and behind her some mountains.
a lady with wings and horns turns her head shows her anger
a woman with wings standing ontop of a mountain talking while turning back.
a girl is dressed with wings like birds and horns like animals.
a man nail gunning white molding to a white wall and brown hardwood flooring.
a man explaining how to fix a beeding in the bottom
a person holding a hand staple gun starts to shoot staples into a baseboard of the wall he is working on.
home arranges and make for gum attach the all arranges.
a person explaining how to fix the edge of a wall
man demonstrates a technique on how to insert nails to wood surfaces, using a nail gun.
a man demonstrates about how to fix the edges of a floor with some cladding.
holding up with the nails to cover the windows
there is a person who is talking about the floor and then takes a machine and touches the wall.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
a container truck is on fire on the highway at night
the man is telling us about the blast.
a car is driving and turns on its turn signal to move around a flaming truck.
while driving on a highway, a viewer captures video of a big rig truck on fire and snarling traffic.
video of violent area where a muv is running
a zeep is moving with other vehicles in night time
one big truck burn in fire
a heavy vehicle got fire accident and a car is crossing.
a truck on fire after a terrible night traffic accident
road accident with burning truck on the shoulder
the camera pans up a lamp made of various pieces of plumbing, then three images of the lamp from different angles appear on screen.
its one of te house make proprties i thik
a specially made lamp is seen with music in the background.
three light buld contraptions are standing side by side on the floor.
an angine with the light look like a machine
showing the type of installation with pipes.
some electrical product is making and testing
artistic work of a lamp made with pipes and hydraulic registers.
an intricately detailed beer tap is shown to mid-tempo bluegrass music.
a complex of gold pipes and a lamp
a person is removing some food from boiling oil
someone is making some sweet thing on the stove
a pan having hot oil and someone is frying dish
a person fries churros in brown oil before putting powdered sugar on them.
frying sausage and making sausage roll with a sprinkle of sugar
a  person is frying donuts in a pan full of hot oil in the kitchen and using the tongs to take out fried donuts and sprinkles powdered sugar over it
a person is making some recipe
churros or some similar dessert are pulled out of a batter bowl.
there is a person who is picking up churros.
churros made with boiling eyes, sprinkled with sugar
man trying to handle a kite, but the kite drops him.
a man is playing with the kite and suddenly fallen
a person is flying a kite in heavy winds, which lifts him off his feet, leading to him falling on the ground.
a person tries to use a parachute but falls down due to wind at the end.
a person is trying to fly a red and white kite and falls down with the wind
a person trying to fall after trying to hold something that looks like a parachute on a windy day
a person is trying to fly a comet but he falls because the day is very windy
a man falls down trying to balance his kite.
a man raising a paraglaid and being pushed by the wind, falling to the ground.
a man in a black blouse in a field is trying to manipulate a floating object but ends up falling with the force of the wind
a guy is sing on stage and playing the guitar.
a man with guitar singing and playing along side with the instrumentalist
a man dressed in blue is singing while playing a guitar.
man plays a nice guitar all the time and sings to the crowd
a bearded man playing the guitar and singing a song.
a long haired guy is standing in front of a microphone with a guitar around his neck and he is singing an old school country song.
a southern rock singer in a blue shirt is shown on stage playing his guitar with a drummer behind him.
a musician is on the stage singing a country song with a guitar and the whole band behind him. he's got long hair and a beard, wearing a light blue shirt.light blue shirt
waylon jennings is wearing a blue shirt while singing and playing a black and white electric guitar.
down in this valley is the song a band plays a man in a 70's silk blue shirt sings and strums the guiter.
how to subscribe a channel
person is talking with each other in the park
the disney channel is promoting the teen beach movie.
the advertisement for subscribing a youtube channel is displayed.
girl talking about his channel
the disnep channel that is advertise their shows and programs and to ask subscribe
a woman is commentating as different disney shows appear on the screen.
a advertisement with a lot of things were played in the screen.
a girl is asking for subscribing disney channels youtube clips in a very good mood and is telling about the procedure of subscribing.
an advertisement section of number of video clips
someone is talking about a baby elephant in the water hole.
an elephant is climbing up after taking a bath.
an elephant child is emerging from the water
a baby elephant trying to get out of a water hole with his mom's help
young african elephant attempting to climb out of water.
baby elephant tries to get out of a river and his mom helps him.
a big elephant is swinning in dirty muddy water.
mama elephant is encouraging  baby elephant to successfully come out from water hole
a baby elephant playing in a pool of mud
a baby elephant taking a bath in the water.
someone is watching cartoon music on tv.
cookie monster and his friend are in an advertisement to subscribe to their station.
elmo and a black puppet are next to each other
advertisement clip two cartoon pictures are seen ,one is playing drums.
the promotional screen of a karaoke channel on a video sharing service.
elmo and another sesame street character are on a screen inviting me to sing my favorite jams, subscribe.
an advertisement of elmo's sing your favorite jams.
a picture from sesame street with elmo holding a drum.
a celebration in a place as people are cheering loudly
information about a videos channel with the image of a red color character
an indian man making a turban
a man in various scenes putting an orange turban on his head
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
three sardarji tying their turban and by acknowledging themselves
a punjabi shows how to wear a turban
a man with white complexion wearing a turban over his head.
sing boy singing the song woth her round cap captured
an indian sikh has tied his turben very tightly
a man with red turban is in the field.
a guy from sikh community is tying his turbon
preparing plastic paper cup shape and putting the cream.
a woman is explaining how to make a recipe
a woman prepares the ingredients for a dessert
a girl is telling about different tips of making her favorite recipe.
a recipe is going to be prepared with the content ready in the glass bowl and the cook is ready with the plastic paper in her hand to make the recipe
someone is preparing a bag over a bowl of batter to continue a recipe
the person is taking something and putting it into  the bag.
a cook demonstrating how to make a recipe and assuring the audience she will leave notes for it.
using packaging to put the filling.
showing how a frosting/icing is placed inside the icing wrap
it is a picture of amazing site.
images of the great and beautiful pyramids of giza in egypt
two pyramids in a sandy environment
a male voice narrates while the video shows a landscape full of pyramids in a desert
two majestic pyramids stands up in the desert under the clear blue sky
showing two pyramids in the desert, with clear blue sky
two pyramids of the aegis next to each other
a video pans across the landscape and shows pyramids in the background
two egyptian pyramids in the middle of the desert
there is a dessert with sand and one big boulder , and a pyramid.
two caracters, one of them have a shotgun and it is really dark.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the boy wearing headphone gives voice for the player in the game
guy show how to play the computer shooting game
a group playing of the game while player using a torch to look through things in the room.
the streamer is exploring the room in the game.
player characters are stumbling around in pitch black darkness. the first person camera of the occupied player perspective employs a flashlight.
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
guy show how to play the computer game with shooting and jumping
there are 2 men and a girl singing and dancing
people performing a rap song in a music video
musical video with two young men and one girl singing before the white background
a group of people singing and dancing one of them is a girl.
three singers performing a musicial theme in front of a white background.
two boy and one lady singers singing a somg
a sequence from a video song
two men and a lady singing a lovely music with dancing moves.
artist chris brown appears singing along with another singer and a man in the background in a video clip.
two men and one girl are singing and dancing
birthday party decorated with silver balloons attached to the wall.
birthday  party arrangements are going on.silver color decorative things hanged.
the lady explaining about the party hall decoration and the gifts items in the party hall.
a party wall with grey lettered balloons
showing a decoration for a birthday party.
a woman shows the gray decorations of a birthday party
a women talking about the birthday party setting
there are a bunch of birthday presents and there are also some silver balloons.
a women is showing presents and a happy birthday sign to the camera.
a person prepare the party program by using variety things
one cartoon named spongebob in yellow with a white cap and a red crab with longs eyes playing a game.
a cartoon characters asking something each other.
the honey bee speaking to other one
spongebob square pants and friends are talking to each other
two animated characters talking to each other.
an animation video of two animated characters is speaking is playing
an animated video where a crab and sponge bob
cartoon of an insect talking with cheese
a red crab cartoon character and a yellow sponge cartoon character are having a conversation.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
person with a blue shirt is pulling a cat by its ear.
a woman sitting in a sofa playing with a cat
the cat is liking being touched and he is black as well
a person pulls a cat's head away from their body multiple times only for the cat's head comes back.
a person in a blue jacket is attempting to wake up a cat by continuously pulling on it's ear.
some one is playing with the sleeping cat.
a person pulling the ear of a sleeping cat.
the woman in the blue is petting the cat.
a human is picking at a cat's ear and the cat's head falls back down.
a blue shirt women with a headphone wire dangling down lifts head of sleepy kitten by its ear.
a man is polishing the floor with a rag.
a man finishing waxing a hardwood floor in a very nice home saying this is a fine job, we enjoyed this one.
a man is on his hands and knees cleaning a newly laid wooden floor.
some one is polishing the floor in the living room.
the person is wiping the ground in the room.
the man is on his knees in the living room wiping the hardwood floors with a towel.
a man wiping down a hard wood floor.
someone is shining the hard wood floor of a very large living room, with a cloth.
a person is cleaning the hardwood flood and it is sparkly clean.
a lady on the floor cleaning floor with a rag.
the delicate and minute work of a barber is extremely evident in the video on seeing him drawing his client's beard
some one is making shaving a man in a saloon
a person is shaving the beard of another person with a blade.
a man is being shaved with a blade
in a saloon , man shaving with knife to their customer
a barber shaving his client's beard and talking to a woman in the background
one men is shaving another men by applying cream and using blade
a man gets his beard shaved by another man wearing a watch and a ring
the men with beard seat  in the chair and the hairdresser try to teke it off
one guy is shaving the other guy and talking to a woman.
whitney houston singing and people dancing
an african american woman is singing about saying goodbye.
a woman is look in the camera as if she is being interviewed
whitney houston is singing in a music video
whitney houston is in a black jacket singing a song with people either dancing or walking in front of her.
someone is watching a video of tina turner.
a woman in a grey blazer is singing a song.
a black woman in a blazer is singing and she is observing people that are in front of her.
whitney houston music video with a black shirt on.
whitney houston singing so good-bye please don't cry in a scene from the bodyguard.
a grand finale program declares its winners and hugs each other.
two men in black suit and a woman in white long dress announce the beautiful woman in black long dress as the beauty pageant as the crowd cheers
people arew standing in the stage and a man and woman hugging
dancing partners win the final on a dancing competition on american tv.
the audience is applauding the four finalists that are on the stage.
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
the winners of a contest are celebrated by the audience. beautiful people amidst ovation.
two man and 2 women are on a grand finale stage hugging each other
this is the grand finale of a show and a woman hugging an old man
people are clapping for the winners of a season finale show on dancing with the stars.
a dinosaur is going to drink water
a dinosaur is walking towards three other dinosaurs drinking water.
background music with a dinosaur walking toward a lake where other dinosaurs have
a group of dinosaurs drink water at a pond and another dinosaur walks towards them.
baby dinosaur walking to 3 adult dinosaurs near a lake
a small dinosaur is approaching a pond where other dinosaurs are drinking from.
a dinosaur walking around and a few dinosaurs drinking water in their habitat.
group of dynasores drinking the water in a forest
a video of a velociraptor walking towards some other dinosaurs standing near a pool of water.
dinosaurs are grouped together around a small lake.
discussion between two people in cnn live
two men sitting on stools and speaking about violent crime.
alex jones and piers morgan are in debate of guns in america
a news channel with 2 people in black shirt sitting on the chairs one of which showing some reports on paper.
a man explains his reasons to a journalist
we have the well-known character alex jones on television on the cnn channel
two men arguing with each other about gun control
very aggressively a man talks in the tv interview with showing some papaers
two news reporter  were on serious discussion about the crime case
the interview in the guns meet to the news channel. cnn live news.
the first half is the lava shown , in the other part marie sktodowaska curie can be seen doing some experiment.
a news article about lava and a woman who was unable to attend university.
presents geographic information and about marie curie
picture of a volcano and a picture of scientist mari curie is experimenting in a lab.
sequence of images showing lavas in a volcano and a woman in a laboratory
lava flowing with bright red liquid and black ashes, marie curie handling a test tube in a laboratory
brief photo shown of the after triangle in ethiopia. screen switches to facts about marie sklodowska curie.
the photos of lava and and a lady scientist appeared
hot lava is shown, followed by a woman who perhaps is a scientist.
a news playing about the of the ethiopia
in the school the old lady with green dress pick a girl student into the room by rush.
the woman opens the door yelling and drags a little girl with her.
a woman in black is holding a small girl in blue by her arms as they pass through door
his father playing with children.
in this video we can see a trailer or fragment of a movie
a father is dragging her girl child into a room
a man forcefully dragging a small girl into a  room
a man is punishment to the misbehave students, other students is watching
a women telling about the film, in the picture one angry women pick up small girl and close in a room.
a fat lady in dark green dress taking a small girl in blue top towards another room opening the door and some other children looking around.
the person telling that the work place is not much spacious and should increase the diameter of the place.
the mouse cursor points to a cylindrical object wrapped in a blue tube
there is  a blue object and some one is talking about it
a circular blue pip-like structure is on the display.
a person telling about pump casing features
description of a blue metal part
man makes comments while the image of something that appears to be a fire hydrant is shown
there is a machine part and someone is talking about this part
the person is talking about some blue colored machine displayed in the background.
someone filming a car part and showing its features
the people have their back to the audience,in order to perform their dance.
a team of ladies with striped t-shirts and colored leggings showing their back side view to the audiance.
a group of young girls walking on stage, turning their backs getting ready to dance to music.
seven girls in striped clothes walk out on stage and face away from the audience.
seven girls invade the stage to take up the initial positions for their live performance.
a group of women in brightly colored clothes enter the stage
there are 7 girls doing like a dancing show
women on a stage facing away from the audience.
a group of girls performing a dance sequence during a stage show.
a dance group performs in a dance competition.
men sitting in a room with mask practicing social detachment
some people sat on the chairs and a man making signs in the corner
the people correctly followed the social distance
a man with black dress in talking in sign language.
we can see a kind of congress or conference in the time of covid19
man questions the reasoning behind covid 19 restrictions for one group of people versus another group.
preparation for a small seminar with sign language translation
men are sitting in a meeting room , wearing suits and face masks in a conference.
the man asked about the difference between the gathering out of church 50 people and church gathering of ten people.
some journalists are attending a conference and one of them is asking a question to the spokesman
large ship making can be seen
the construction process of a ship is shown. the hull is under construction.
showing the construction of a ship.
a large white ship is stopped in the port
from top to bottom of a ship building
a final touch on how to make the ship complete.
some guy is explaining the functionality of the ship
there is a nice building view that is shown from aerial view
white giant ship being presented in the construction hangar.
there is large ship in the sea
music clip of two men singing in mountainous region
two young men dancing  for the music in a open space.
the two person singing the song and playing the dance in the outside
two young men making a music video.
two boys standing  on the  hills and singing a song
two boys are singing and dancing while outside in a desert climate. there are large rock sculptures in the background.
a person wearing white t-shirt orange coat and matching pant is dancing happily in open fields accompanied by his friend wearing multicoloured dress
two men dancing outside and swing their hands.
two men are enjoying and dancing on the mountain roads
two guys are dancing to music in an open place
there are a bunch of old men that are playing music in a band.
the singer is singing a song.
a person is singing a song where his other musicians used the instruments to play the music.
a musician is playing a guitar and doing a show with his supporting team.
the three persons are singing guitar in front of the odions in the auditorium.
a man was playing the guitar and singing a country song
a country band plays music on stage and a man in a black hat sings.
a country music band is performing in a studio.
musicians performing on a stage three of them holding guitars
a musical concert,three men are playing guitars.
two little kids are playing in the swimming pool
two kids are playing with fish in the water
two children, a boy and a girl, are at an aquarium where they are allowed to touch a skate, but the boy falls into the pool.
a little boy with green top and a girl with pink top are putting their hands inside the tank of sting ray.
kids are touching the fish under the water
two children are playing with fish.
two kids are touching shark
the girl is touching the fish in the water and boy fell in the water.
two children, a boy and a girl, having fun seeing a manta ray.
a boy & girl are trying to touch a fish in an aquarium and the boy is falling down into the water.
the outline of a little boy and girl about to kiss.
the singer is singing a song.
the picture of an art couple is displayed with song in the background.
a black and white scene features a boy and a girl in a still show while music plays.
black and white image of a boy and a girl kissing to the sound of a music
the girl and boy is kiss in the screen. the black color is whole.
background with a heart and two silhouettes of children imitating one beito
a black and white poster is displayed.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
this is an audio segment taken from a romantic song, with a romantic still image displayed in the background.
reporter commenting on a news story.
a news reporter gives a report on an important case.
a journalist covering a specific event
a journalist is informing the news
a black color man reading news in a hall whether some persons are walking over.
a news reporter is outside a building and providing information about a legal case.
the person with grey suit is talking in a news channel.
a news broadcaster standing outside explaining what is happening in a murder trial.
a black man is telling something and a woman is going back
a black man talking in the news programme
there was a person in a big room and they are talking
a princess was sitting sad in his bed lonely suddenly their appeara an angel to console him
a theature piece where a mother walks over to her son perched on an oversized bed.
a lady in white walk into a room and went forward to a kid in white cloth sitting on the bed.
a drama that act by a women and men on the stage
a skin is performed by a little kid and a lady
a big king sized bed with a crown logo on it and some pillows and big pillars on the right with a small boy and lady in white.
people in white clothes are in a type of theater or movie.
in a drama stage a woman in approaching a man sitting in a bed.
a person sleeping on the bed one girl enter into the bed room
a screen recording of game is played with changing characters
some cartoon characters are popping one by one and their names are changing at side with a yellow highlighter.
a video which shows the introduction of various players in the game
the character of the game are explained by a person.
the different game models before starting a game
screen of a game with gray appearance and a display to view the characters when selected and the characters' names are yellow then a doll with black hair, another yellow one with blue hair and one with red hair appears
there are different cartoon male characters in the game with description beside.
a kind of adventure game where the player is choosing which character to play: luffy, naruto, toriko or lchiga
a man is choosing between different video game characters.
different cartoon characters are displaying and text is highlighting
a hot water come out from the earth
an active thermal area is shown. bubbles and heat vapor is observable.
a lots of brown sand and boiling water with a man explaining about the thermal area.
some one is reading the news with visuals
the water boil from the ground in the nature
a eruptive volcano that has lots of bubbling liquid and smoke coming out.
some guy explaining the the troller bag that they have purchased
smoke is coming form a thermal plant and a person explains in the background.
a desert is with heated soil is being boiling. a person is explaining the phenomenon behind it.
an area or environment that is highly polluted
a person in red clothes saying something about song rehearsal.
a man sitting in a sofa with red shirt and cap is saying something.
a young rap shows himself behind the scenes of the set
they are explained the dance practice is well.
a rapper dressed in red and fancy jewelry recording a song
first taking the selfie and second person wear a red tshirt and speaking
man in red hat and shirt also sports jewelry around his neck while listening to loud music.
a pop singer with red shirt and cap in the dancing school speaking to the camera.
a young man dressed in a red outfit with a red baseball cap, while wearing big gold chains is sitting in a chair and talking
a man with red hat and and t shirt is explaining himself where others were practising
a lady explains about the mummy at egypt and group of persons doing some research.
pyramids in egypt shown with pictures of sand and an ancient queen.
there are great pyramids scattered in the desert and in an egyptian canyon
a television host talking about toms in egypt
the egyptian mummies and tombs
a documentary about egyptian mummies and pyramid may are talking about that
two large pyramids in the brown sand and daylight with a photo of the statue in the left.
pyramids showing in the desert and sanding waves then a group of people are talking.
pyramids and egypt are showing from sky view
egyptian pyramids and mummy
a boy is telling about beautiful dolphins in a very interesting way
a couple of sharks are moving around the see with other fishes.
some fish in the water and a person is speaking in the background
sharks swimming in crystal clear waters with a man narration.
a guy is pointing his fingers at those large fishes in pool
reporting on sharks in the sea.
the dolphin swimming in the sea and going fastly
a video of a guy filming sharks in water
gray dolphins swim in a blue sea near a white ship
a couple of dolphins are seen in water
six dancers in colorful outfits demonstrating moves to a latin song.
a black man in sweatpants leads a group of 4 women, and 1 man in a hip gyrating zumba type dance class.
a multicultural group of people dancing together.
there are some people exercising with songs in the background.
a group of people outside doing an exercise outside.
there is a group of girls dancing and vibing well to the music
a group of young adults are dancing to latin music in a parking lot.
the people are all standing on the street dancing.
a group of six people dance to a song in a parking lot.
there are 6 people dancing to reggae music outside in a parking lot maybe for exercise.
there are five ballons filled with water and color balls and a car tyre is been rolled on the ballons and the  ballons are being bursted out
the variety of bubbles is down for the car wheel, car wheel collide the bubbles.
car tire running over water balloons. balloons blowing up and spewing water everywhere.
a car tire drives over a series of balloons that are filled with smaller water filled balls.
car running over 5 ballons filled with orbiz balls.
funny video, very well done and clear with many colors
a car wheel is pressing through the balloons filled with colourful marbles and water.
a car passes over balloons filled with water and colourful balls.
a tyre slowly moving and breaking water balloons filled with crystal gel balls.
a car crushes several colored balloons with the wheel
pirates on a ship are shocked as tail of a large underwater creature splashes near their ship.
a scene from the pirates of the currabian is playing
a part of the film pirates of the caribbean in which a man is being held by kraken tentacles while another man in a boat screams and runs after.
an old guy and others are on a boat while seeing a monster extending it's limbs.
people in a ship spotting a sea monster
people are travelling in ship and sea horse outside
ghillie fish high jump to the sea, the four person see the fish and very shocked
two men on an 18th century ship scream when they see the tentacles of a large monster emerging from the ocean.
two man one man wearing a flat hat looking at back while another man in white beard looking at him suddenly something comes out from sea man in white beard started shouting
a big creature is coming up from the sea and the people in a ship fears.
a blonde woman in a library smiles and waits.
a beautiful white girl is sitting in the library and she is laughing
there is a chines girl wearing black shirt and have blond hair.
blond girl in black t shirt smiling at some one in the library
a woman is sitting in a library and giving stills to photograph
a girl waiting for somebody in a library.
a woman looking around in a public library.
a girl is refering a book in the library
blonde woman is in black color clothes and in a library
a girl is sitting at a desk in a library.
two man are tying up horse
two mens tied the horse with rope in the stand
two people are tying a brown color horse with metal chains to a metal stand
a man ties a horse as other person helps him
2 men guide a brown horse into a stall.
two men caring for a large brown horse in the field of a farm.
two men are driving the brown huge horse into the cage.
a horse walks on a platform and then kisses a human.
two men lead a palomino draft horse into a chute and secure him in place.
the video shows two men taking care of a hole
a white-haired man and a blonde woman are sitting, and the blonde woman is talking to someone.
a man and a woman are sittin at a table. the woman informs another woman in front of them that there will be a tribunal.
a man and a woman are interviewing another person.
trailer, a man and a woman are sitting at a table and examining someone or interrogating someone
the judges are asking some questions to the opposite person
older man and woman sitting at a table describing their decision to a young girl.
a woman says that there will be a fair tribunal and judgement around a table with a man and another woman.
a man and a woman are sitting behind a desk interviewing candidate
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a woman and man are seated at the table, the woman says there will be a tribunal and a judgement. the man nods in agreement, and a young woman standing in front of them looks frightened.
a man is working with a car engine and is talking about it while the other person watches it.
a man in a military uniform next to another boy dressed in blue is adjusting the engine of a car
a guy with black hat and khaki top and black vest is talking while working on the car with other guy.
a man explain about the car parts and machine
two men are standing over an engine of a car. they are describing something in a south american language. man dressed in a black gilet is describing something while the other man is just standing over the car.
two boys are repairing a car.
two mechanics are explaining about car engine
two men working with a car engine and explain about it
showing car engine and its details.
two mechanics are fixing the car in a garage
two men talking, one is old and wears glasses and a mask, the other wears a hat and mask.
a man and a  cop are talking to each other wearing masks
a man in a mask talks to a policeman outdoors
a policeman and a civilian both wearing masks and talking to each other.
two people standing and discussing, one man is a cop and the other is a common man adjusting his mask.
a man wearing a mask talking to a policeman wearing a mask
two police man wearing mask and doing conversation
a man is discussing with security about something and both are wearing mask
a person talking with security guard both are in the masks.
a man with gray hair talking to a policeman. both are wearing masks.
just lowriders ad with someone in a blue hood that says majestics in a lowrider with his back to the camera.
a man is driving a car and listening to music.
a subscription add for just lowriders tv showing the earth from space.
an introduction screen of rap song and a man drives a car on street with that music continues.
a gray just lowriders tv subscribe title appears over deep blue  computer generated image of a planet.
the tv shows the man who are drive the car
a man wearing a purple and yellow hoodie is driving a convertible car with the top down and his hoodie over his head.
a man driving a convertible car and listening to the rapper snoop dog
a man in blue is driving a car and the music on
a man in a purple hoodie is driving in a convertable and listening to music.
a person is giving running comments on 2 video wrestling players and he appreciated one player
man narrating an electronic game, with two characters about to face each other.
a man in a white shirt choosing between two characters in a game.
a young man with long hair talks about the rules of a computer game.
a man playing video game
bearded man with big hair describing two characters from a fighting game,
a man with long hair starring in a gameplay about the selection of characters.
a gamer discussing characters from a video game.
a gamer with long black hair and a beard is deciding via a webcam which player to use for his next fight in a video game. the two video game characters are on the right side of the screen
a man recording himself about picking a video game character.
a band group is singing a song while playing the instruments on the stage.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a musical team of peoples singing a song with musical instruments
six people of a band playing different instruments and a person singing
it is musical shows, in which one man sings song and each person plays different instruments.
a man wearing black shirt is singing a song in the house with his team
enjoy the lovely music and stay at home.
the boy is singing in smooth song. the other people used in instrumentation.
a man is singing song with the musicians around him
musical group on stage with a guitar and double bass, 6 people
seth rollins is celebrating his wwe championship title win
getting an athlete's belt following the results of a completed match
seth rollins holding up the wwe winners belt in the boxing ring
a wwe winner holding his title and showing winning excitement.
a wwe wrestler is accepting the championship belt.
seth rollins winning a fight and is awarded his title of champion.
a wrestler is winning a championship and getting a belt.
a shirtless wrestler holds a title belt in the ring surrounded by a cheering crowd.
a man with a champion belt in a fighting arena.
a guy has gotten a belt from winning a wrestling match.
the buccaneers deshaun jackson catches a first quarter pass for a first down in falcons territory.
the player are standing in position for the rugby match to begin and they are running after the whistle.
two teams are playing foot ball in the ground by hitting each other
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
commentary of a game of american footbool
players are playing rugby in the stadium
in a football game, the white team makes an attack.
foodball game in the ground with in jackson
some footbaal players start to chase the ball and collide with each other
a two teams are playing rugby in the ground
a boy is playing a game on the computer
a little silver character is walking with a sword from the water to the grass.
the game character is running and jumping in the grass and water.
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner
a man explaining how to play a video game.
a well made animation with lot of commentary
a boy in costume playing a game similar to minecraft.
a game character, wielding a sword, is running across a forest.
a game player running in the street
the playing in online video games
a man is deploying a sizeable telescope into the wild in a rural area.
video of a boy in the middle of nature with a telescope
young man with a telescope supported on a tripod in an field.
a person positioning scientific camera to view sun
the man with the black jacket is standing and using some instrument.
a man adjust the camera on the stand
a man is moving and adjusting some type of telescope.
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
a huge black telescope is being adjusted by a man wearing glasses and a black coat.
a boy with a black coat and eyesight glasses is adjusting his telescope perfectly in a forest
a man demonstrates how to lay wooden flooring that snaps together.
a man in jeans shows how to properly lay a floor from a laminate
a person fixing the playwood in the hand
a guy teaching  how to put down flooring
a man demonstrates how to lay laminate flooring down.
there is a man attaching a rectangular block of wood and telling about it
a man gives demo for how to paste wood slides in floor.
a man in blue jeans is describing how to install wood floors while demonstrating.
a person attaches two pieces of cardboard together.
a man rides on a wooden deck
a team of members composing and recording music with musical instruments
a band playing rock composed of a singer, a guitarist and a bassist in a music studio.
two men are playing guitar and the third is singing
band rehearsing indoors, men playing instruments apart from each other.
a group of musicians including guitarists and singers are performing
a singer singing with his band and audience around in a music concert.
a group of people making music by singing and playing the guitar.
three young guys composing for a rock song in their studio.
studio with some men recording a rock music
this is a video of a rock group either recording or preparing to record
three men are there on the stage and one is speaking
the person with grey shirt on the stage is giving speech to the crowd.
the man in center of the stage is addressing a gathering by his speach.
a man stand in the center of a stage while holding onto something
a man speaks in public on a show
a man on the stage giving speech on particular topic
a stand-up comedian is on stage making jokes about psychiatrists
a person wearing a coat is delivering a speech.
a man wearing steel gray jacket and blue jeans standing in middle on red carpet while two standing on left and right respectively
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a lady is showing how to make cute butterfly using decorative materials.
two barrettes for a little girls hair, in purple butterfly and blue and purple heart.
a woman showing her handmade colorful hair clips under a white sheet of paper
a woman showing off pink and blue glitter hair bows.
someone on a bench showing two olograic colored ties
a top camera view of a woman's hand showing two bows positively describing how they look.
two ribbons are showcased, one with a butterly, and one with a heart in the center.
a girl is placing pastel-colored glittery bows on a board to compare them and decide if she likes them or not.
this was a video of someone showing how to make arts and crafts on pinterest?
there is women making a craft
a man describes the process of mixing various colored waters.
four glasses with some liquid of different colors
coloured liquids being sucked up by a man in a syringe
in this video we can four water tinted glasses and someone mix it with a syringe
an expriment shows that the water with different density doesn't mix
a man is pouring some color water into the glass using syringe
four cups of colored water are on a table and then mixed together
science experiment with different density water and makes layer with each other
four cups with different colors of liquid in them.
a person is taking colored liquid using syringe from the glass and injects into another one.
this is a caroon figure pounding on a door screaming for somebody to come out.
the red head colonel is playing the piano in his livingroom and is making so much noise.
the rabbit sitting and playing piano and the lion knock to the door and struck to the piano.
the angry cartoon is playing piano with his head
animated character from looney tunes trying to open a door.
some cartoons playing up piano and hitting it  head on the piano
a bunny is sitting with a piano and a red beard man is knocking the door of bunny's room with anger
bugs bunny is playing the piano in a closed room. a small, red-haired man starts banging on the door very angry, then he starts banging his head on another piano.
the red-haired man is angrily attempting to open the door before banging his head on a piano.
a tom play piano very nicely
there is a dj night party on the stage
so many peoples are dancing in the floor in a music
the bop dance and song are very nice
a concert is shown as a large amount of people dance on the stage.
many people are dancing in a pub with colorful glittering lights and a man singing in mike
nightclub in which many men and women are dancing and a balloon being tapped about.
musical concert is going on and people are dancing to the song played
a bunch of people jump around in the crowd at a concert while the band plays heavy metal music.
a group of dancers are dancing in the dark and dancing room.
he is club dance and play for girls every night time disco also named.
several people fighting with lightsabers on a dark bridge.
a group of people dancing with lights and all of them fighting with each other
a fight is taking place with a song in the background.
a fictional woman fights a bunch of fictional space marauders in an intricately choreographed scene.
people are fighting in the scenes
a women defended by her knife
a sword fight with several people.
some one is fighting with lightning knife with many
people in black suites are fighting with each other with glow sticks on their hands.
all persons are fighting with light in hand
a person in blsck shirt is playing piano and singing a song
moving band show featuring keyboardist
three man are playing, each one a different instrument
a musical band performing on the stage show
all person are using many instruments on stage
three men in black dress one playing keyboard and other playing guitar.
a male guitarist and male keyboardist play together on stage while the audience claps in rhythm.
on a stage one man plays violin mildly and another man plays piano rhythmically and adjust his mike
a band is playing on stage in front of a large crowd.
music is perofrm by the musician band and a guitarist playing a guiter in the show
on a table a person shows red flowers
a hand showing some beautiful reddish-pink roses on the table with dark green leaves.
several roses are placed on the table and one of them is being shown.
five roses are shown. all very red with the green stem
5 red roses on the table, and a hand holding one of them
a person put some red roses in the table and took one rose from it
a hand lays red roses down onto a light wood countertop.
someone put five red roses on a table.
we are seeing five roses on the screen.
while music is playing, a person sets five red roses on a wood table and twirls one of the roses so you can see all sides of it.
some soldiers is getting in a helicopter
the people are moving towards the helicopter and getting inside it.
soldiers making it to a helecopter carrying four deceased soldiers to be taken away.
a bunch of soldiers carry someone, on a stretcher to a helicopter.
an attack being described while a group or army men walk towards an airplane.
report about some troops boarding into the helicopter
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
many soldiers are entering into helicopter in uniform
a group of military men get on an airplane.
number of soldiers march in together towards the helicopter
singer singing on tv show
a woman with long black hair is singing into a microphone.
a person with curly hair is singing and dancing to a song.
a woman is passionately singing her heart out
a girl is singing a song and another girl is standing behind her
a young woman with curly hair singing on a stage.
a woman is singing a song with her music group.
a woman with a curly hair in a black dress in singing with a mic on her hand in the stage.
a girl sing a beautiful song with amazing voice
a young woman with long, wavy dark hair is singing into a microphone.
scene from the movie batman the dark knight resurfaces
a man in coat is speaking about an topic
the man is giving lectures to people.
a man is on stage and giving a lecture about something.
a person in black colour coat is standing on stage and giving speech
a motivational speaker sharing his experiences
a man who wear black coat speak something
adult man giving a talk on top of a stage.
an elderly man wearing mike and coat in the stage talking.
specking  black color dress on the person stage
a handsome thailand artist sitting in the car watching behind
a man inside a car watching on window side
beautiful girl with sunglasses and taking it off
a man is standing and a girl is put off her goggle in front of the park
a guy is talking to someone while another lady in yellow looks at something
people who see themselves with background music
a suave young man in a car looks back at a striking woman who is taking off her sunglasses.
soap opera scene in a car
man inside a taxi looking back
a trailer of a thai movie.
in a kitchen, a woman is cutting up mushrooms
a woman in a yellow blouse slicing mushrooms in her kitchen
the chef is cutting the mushroom into small peices with the knife
in the kitchen a women cutting the mushroom with knife.
a person in yellow has a knife in his hand cutting some kind of food
a woman is cutting potatoes with the help of a knife
the man cut the potatoes.
a person in a yellow shirt is cutting a mushroom with a knife.
a girl is cutting mushroom with a knife
the chef is cutting mushrooms.
in the south pole , a group of penguins are moving
a voice that describes the penguins on the ice that move
some penguins gliding across the ice in an ice-covered area
a family of penguin diving into the sea.
penguins skiing on the glaciers
report on the lives of penguins living in the arctic
in this video it showing penguin and giving knowledge about them
shooting of penguins on a snowy surface
a group of penguins scoot on their bellies across the ice as a narrator discusses their breeding season.
a small group of penguins slide across the ice, with background commentary about their behaviour..
anime in which a girl with black hair talks to a man with blond hair.
fragment from anime-cartoon with girl and boy sitting in a classroom
a brunette anime character talks to a muscular blond character
some one watching a cartoon video with people talking.
a animated boy and girl is sitting in a class room and talking to each other
dragon ball z anime scene takes place in satan city inside a college classroom, videl is saying that she thinks she has seen the character somewhere already, her blond friend is saying that this character could be the mayor of nerd city
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a two characters of carton are talking with each other
dragon ball z characters taking classes and chatting.
an animated cartoon that shows two characters having a talk
a woman busy in eating delicious food and enjoying the same
a girl with long black hair eats shrimp and noodles and seems to enjoy it.
girl in black tshirt eating a different types of food
a women in black top, some food is on the table with multi colour baloons and women eating food.
a woman tastes food from two different dishes in front of the camera
there are two plates and a woman is eating food
woman in black blouse is eating
the girl is eating the sweets.
sitting girl eating dishes displayed on a table
a woman is eating ship from a black tray on a plate.
man in facemask is giving a situational report on the brazilian healthcare system.
nbc news reporter  bill neely is reporting about effect of covid19 in brazil. he is showing hospital which is full with patients.
a journalist wearing a face mask is standing outside a hospital, which he claims is full of patients.
news reporter wearing a blue blazer, white shirt, and a facemask is reporting from the street next to the news van.
a news report with face mask doing report in front of hospital at morning.
a reporter wearing a mask presents a news about coronavirus in brazil
a reporter wearing mask giving report beside ambulance
a presenter with face masks and the blue suit is reporting outside.
a person with blue suit wearing a mask is talking in a news channel.
a man wearing blue coat and mask on face slowly walking near ambulances, telling and using hand gestures
a scared woman speaks to a man, and the man tries to calm her down.
katniss tells haymitch, no; he knew the whole time- he was taunting me!
the frightened,crying woman is describing what happened to her.
there is a girl who is a bit worried and panicked. she keeps saying that a person knew of something and was taunting her.
a woman cries while a man tries to comfort her.
the guy tries to calm down his mom in the movie
a man and a woman speak to one another in a dimly lit room
a woman speaks hysterically to a man opposite her.
a panicked woman in a theater is describing a terrifying stalking situation to a man who is trying to calm her down by questioning her perception of the situation.
a woman panics attempting to explain to a man dressed in black.
a man with grey suit is playing guitar and singing.
a singer is singing and playing the guitar .
a man singing a lovely song and playing guitar in a studio.
a guy is sitting in a chair with a guitar around his neck and he is playing and singing into a microphone.
music composing with full pleasure and enjoyment with attractive cinematography
a guy with grey shirt is singing in front of a mic and playing guitar
the men is very nice to play guitar and music
a singer with a white shirt and blue jacket sings a song near a microphone while playing the guitar
a man singing playing the guitar and presenting his music.
a person is singing a song along playing with guittar.
a women in bue jacket and black pant on the stage wtih some text and big screens in the background.
a woman making a speech to a audience
a brunette woman with a blue shirt giving a speed at tedx to a lot of people with a projector showing a brain and his electric circuits on the background.
a woman is on stage giving a tedx talk to a group of people.
a lady speaker on stage explaining some scientific factors to the audience.
a woman is giving a lecture in a ted talk.
a woman is giving a lecture on a large stage with a backdrop of various pictures on it.
there is a speaker and she is explaining about filling that survival void which she eventually explains.
a lady lecturer telling the anatomy of the brain to the audience.
someone is on stage talking to other peoples.
smart question to managers in a job interview.
the female is giving tips for a job interview.
a lady with grey coat is giving tips for asking questions during interview to hire managers
a women is explaining the interviwe questions
a woman in white shirt and green jacket talking about 8 smart questions
no video have been displayed
a women ask hirig questions for an interview
a woman is explaining about a topic
a woman enlightening people about questions one can ask in the next interview.
the happy woman in the video is explaining what questions to ask during a job interview.
a red bus is moving and a played children song can be listened in the background
the animated bus with passengers is riding on the road with a song in the background.
all animated cartoons are singing a song wheels on the bus goes round in a bus
a red coloured bus moving in the road
lots of animals in the red bus is going round and round in a cartoon.
a bus is being run on the road
several cartoon characters in the bus are singing wheels on the bus rhymes
a red bus is moving on the road with a background music in a animation video
the bus sing a song the childrens are sitting in the bus
a bus is running in the road and song is playing
the burst of the craker in the sky looks like a stars bursts in space
fireworks are displayed. the initial explosion paints the entire sky orange.
crackers burst and sparkling in the sky making more color
fireworks were played on the sky, with great colors.
um fogos foi solto e apare
showing fireworks in the sky.
the celeberation  of video on bbc telecast is going on.
the cracker is bursting in the sky in the dark and the crowd is cheering.
a firework explodes in the sky releasing a red cloud
colorful crackers are spreading all over the sky in darkness
a man falls on the sidewalk as a gust of wind hits him and the building he is outside of. as he shields himself glass breaks and stucco falls to the ground while hitting the man as well.
man shouting and something falling on his had through the top of the building
one man laying in the field and crying due to heavy wind
looks like an earthquake is happening and a building is breaking and it's parts going on the street while a man desperately is trying to protect himself by laying on the ground.
a man falls to the floor, all while the windows around him burst into shards because of an unknown event.
a man is on the ground dodging gun bullets and getting hit by broken glass.
a person is shouting as pieces of  walls and glasses of a collapsing building falling on him.
a man fell to the ground when shattered glass fell down from a building above him
a man falls to the ground as gun shots hit near and above him, damaging a building and shattering glass.
a guy in formal dress falls down and sees building falling.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man is telling jokes on stage.
a black guy with black shirt is talking on the stage to a large audience.
a man is performing comedy on the stage
a stand-up comedian in black outfit performs a bit of his routine in front of an audience.
a man performing and making jokes at a stand up show
a man standing on a dias and talking to audience in the mike.
a person with dress is talking on a show on the stage.
a person sing song in front of audience
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
there is an image of waterfall and there is sad music playing around it.
the person is in the cave that is rather dark.
beautiful scenery where there are beautiful features in it
a waterfall is shown as graceful piano music plays in the background.
piano music is heard as the camera pans down a photo of a waterfall.
piano plays in the background as a waterfall is shown.
someone is watching a painting or a waterfalls.
there is a really nice picture of a waterfall and it is enjoyable looking
a waterfall on a rocky background is shown as classical music plays.
a still picture of a waterfall is shown while piano music plays.
a man wearing sky blue long sleeve shirt and white pant dances with a young girl wearing lime green top along with a group of children
alvin and the chipmunks are performing some song of sorts.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
chipmunks video is playing .chipmunks are dancing .
a beautiful small brown chipmunk dancing to a song on a table.
a group of people are watching the chipmunk video.
a man trying to catch a squirrel character and fails and la squirrel dancing with a ring on his hip.
jason lee is in the beginning of the clip followed by a chipmunk hulahooping.  this looks like a scene from alvin and the chipmunks.
some people are dancing after this a squirrel is also dancing
a cgi squirrel does the hula hoop.
a man takes a bite out of the carrot while staring intensely at something off camera.
an angry man is staring intensely while eating a raw carrot.
a video about a man eating a tasty carrot
a man eating a carrot in a commercial video.
a man byte the carrot and ate it
an angry young man staring and eating carrot
angry man focusing a place with eating the carrot shows that he is going to do something big
a guy eats a carrot looking somewhere with so much contempt in his eyes.
there is a man looking very serious which bites on a carrot
a moody looking man take a bite from a carrot.
the girls and boys are singing on the stage performance
a team of rock band is performing on the stage
4-5 children sing a song in chorus on stage with instruments
a group of boys and girls are singing on the stage of a popular song.
four kids on a stage singing a song into microphones.
two boys playing some instrument and two girls singing a song holding the mics.
a group of four persons are singing a song over the microphone.
some peoples are giving a chorus singing perfomance.
four young teenagers sitting next to each other singing into microphones.
two boys and two girls singing a song in a different level tones and one boys playing rhythm with his hands.
kennedy explaining why america cannot withdraw from vietnam.
a person is talking in the press meet
a man dressed in a black coat and tie is talking to somebody.
president kennedy speaks to a reporter in a black and white video
former u.s president john f. kennedy gives an interview on september second, nineteen sixty three, about withdrawing from vietnam and communists.
some news clipping there is new hope for covid pandemic situation
old speech by an american president who remained for history, in the background the whole parliament and other powers involved in politics
historic video with president kennedy speaking
a person was giving a interview on september.
president kennedy is having a talk about vietnam and laos, and all the countries around it.
a birdseye view of a simple beige pyramid.
an aerial view of a huge river during day time
it is the great pyramid seen from up
a large pyramid is visible with a bunch of buildings to the right of the pyramid. there is also a lot of sand.
its a great pyramid in egypt and one of the wonders on earth.
the pyramid is one the greatest structure on the earth.
describing and showing some of the unique traits about the pyramids of egypt.
a man is talking about the pyramid structure in the documentary.
a giant pyramid is shown next to sand and ruins.
a view of the magnificent grate pyramid from sky
there is a black girl in a sea of different shades of people
a white screen becomes a photo of five young women all dressed in white under the banner fifth harmony one wish.
a group of girls are posing for a photo, all in white clothes.
fifth harmony music playing while displaying the current album cover.
there are five girls on the screen and there is some music playing.
one wishes posting in advertisement
five woman are grouped together in a still shot with some text over them.
an album cover is featured with a group called fifth harmony with a title of the album called one wish.
number of females happily posing to the camera
five black-haired girls gathered on a single cover.
a person is plugging the rose colored flower from the plant.
a beautiful lady wearing a wrist watch and a ring in her left hand is plucking pink flowers with her two hands at a garden
a person pulling off the petals of three flowers, however, leaving the handle and the core.
someone plucks the pink roses from the garden leaving behind the yellow buds on the green stems.
a person plucking the flowers
two beautiful hands plucking roses and other flowers from a garden.
somebody is plucking a beautiful pink rose and crushing.
someone picking only pink flowers from a garden.
pink flowers are harvested by a gardener woman.
a girl is plucking a pink flower from the tree
the hulk is just chasing the black window.
two people there in video he is chase a girl and she wearing black dress
a woman is running away from a giant green creature chasing her.
incredible hulk running after a woman in a movie.
a woman in all black apparel being chased by a big green looking monster.
a woman is running and the hulk is running behind her.
the gigantic person is following a woman who is trying to escape.
the hulk destroying everything chasing black widow during avengers movie
in a movie scene, two people, one female and a giant male, escaping from a fire which is chasing them.
there is a hulk who running behind the girl and smashing everything
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a lady is walking around in front of a showrom
journalist speaks while several people walk on the streets
pedestrians pass a shop window with posters hung in it. a caption reads changing demands in housing market
people walk past a glass window with fliers taped on it--part of news story footage.
a man discusses pandemic on housing market
an expert explaining about the current status of marketing in economy.
images of city with man discussing housing market.
people are  going left and right on the road near curchods board
people keep moving from end to other and a person keeps talking about changing  demand in house market  in the background
a women making a cake in her kitchen
someone is adding the cream to a rotating sphere
a person making a delicious cake with his creative thinking
a person just applying cream to alreday prepared cake
a cake is being made with pink kernel and white frosting by someone.
someone applying cream to cake with knife.
a person making a cake with  cream in their kitchen
female hands confectioning a chocolate cake and whipped cream using a knife and a rotating tray.
a cake was make with cream with nice rotation.
a baker is frosting a spherical cake with a spatula, with music in the background.
a young man wearing black dress and cap is standing near to a red car and talking.
a man expaining about a wire by standing behind a very nice car.
a man in a beret leaning against the red ferrari talking to camera.
man with bone being filmed next to a luxurious car
a white man is standing in front of a red ferrari, they are both located in front of a house. the man is werring blue baseball cap and blue t-shirt
the man with the black dress is standing near a red car and talking something.
a person wearing a black shirt is standing near a red car and speaking.
a man is speaking standing in front of red car
a man in a cap in front of a red car
there is a man speaking near the red colored car
chicken fried in oil with over heat layers to eat
frying and serving chicken nuggets
the food item is beer battered crispy chicken strips.
beer battered crispy chicken strips is being fried in hot oil and served with ketchup.
someone is preparing a meal of chicken and fries.
removing fried chicken to serve on the plate along with battered
serving a fried chicken on a plate with fries and tomato sauce
a person prepating some hot fried food items
someone is cooking delicious crispy chicken strips
a pot of hot oil frying chicken strips and plating them with a bowl of sauce.
a video of an out of focus then focused guitar.
guitar neck against a dark plum wall and a subscription inscription
a musical track video footage showing a guitar with black background.
it shows a guitar program and hit the bell icon and hit the subscribe button
a song is played in the background while an arrow points to subscribe to a youtube channel.
the video showing somebody subscribing the video channel and it is showing the guitar
a guitar is placed in front of a black backdrop.
click subscribed button and press bell button.
a head music guitar is shown
musical video with showing guitara on lylac backstage
music with people walking with placards in han
pop singer clip, with several different elements
a person walkins in with huge crowd celebrating on street
someone is watching an indian music video of a guy.
a man in pink shirt singing walk towards a girl in yellow dress.
video of a punjabi movie song with dance
there is a girls who glasses who is looking at a guy with glasses.
a man in a long shirt walks toward the camera while surrounding people dance, turn cartwheels, and hold signs with the numbers 100 and 33 written on them.
a person is walking and other persons are danccing behind him
music clip with man in pink shirt surrounded by people doing acrobatics
images from an american news program talking about political candidates.
a policy program shows presidential candidates who lost during 2000 to 2012.
there are 4 united states senators in 2000-2012 they were al gore(2000),john kerry(2004),john mccain(2008),mitt romney(2012).
four pictures of former presidential candidates appear over a cbs news banner of clinton's comeback.
several politicians are shown in a panel during a political gathering.
screen showing politicians who have lost the elections for president.
news anchor talking about the presidential race showing their pictures on screen
the news commentator tells about the various senators pictures on the screen and tells about them.
report about clinton's comeback
news report about elections in usa with different candidates
a women and men swimming with dolphins in the pond
these people are swimming with dolphin.
two person playing with dolphins in the sea while a person records it.
people are playing with dolphins in the water
people swimming with dolphins in clear water.
dolphins are playing with women and men in the sea.
the girl and a boy playing with dolphins in the water
a man and a woman along with dolphins in a sea. woman plays with one of the dolphins
woman is playing with dolphins
a girl and a boys playing with dolphins in the sea
highway tracking video taken from a helicopter
a police car is chasing a black suv and then the black suv opens the drivers side door.
two police cars chase a black car with the driver's door open
black 4 door vehicle refuses to stop for troopers who follow it the wrong way on a highway exit while driver door swings open
a car following another car in a highway and the suspect seems to be driven the wrong way up an exit ramp
a black car is chased by two more cars in a road
there are some cars taking turn to another road and some truck also moving
car moving on the road and door of the one car is open
on the road, one black car is going back to back one white car also going, black car open the doar.
cars are chasing a car on a highway
analysis of scalp cleaning with a specialized zoom camera.
this product is hair checker. the product use is how to hair damage like the product costly.
woman with an appliance near the scalp doing massage.
girl shows how to determine the condition of hair using a special microscope
woman inspecting hair follicles on her scalp with a magnifying camera.
the lady removing a dandruff in a hair
a woman hold a device to her head and looks at her hair really close up.
a girl is using folliscope and check hair roots
a woman moving a hand held magnifying camera through her hair
a girl, standing in front of the camera, is using a micro capera to analyze the cleanliness of the skin
a chocolate and strawberry was placed in the flexible bread for the breakfast
preparation of crepes with chocolate and strawberries
a person preparing food with chocolate and strawberry.
it is shown how chocolate strawberry crepes are made.
hands put chocolate and strawberries in a pancake and then fold it
a quick video showing the preparation of a chocolate strawberry crepe.
a person is spreading chocolate hazelnut spread on to half part of the crepe and putting strawberries on it and folding the remaining half and again folding it making a square
woman's hands show how to cook chocolate strawberry crepes
in a kitchen, someone is cooking chocolate strawberry crepes.
how to make a crepe with chocolates and strawberries in a simple way.
music video - a drummer plays waist-deep in water
a drummer in black plays in a building half full of water.
music video scene with drummer playing his instrument inside a wetland, ending with a bus with candles floating
a man is playing the drums in a pool of water, then a man is sitting in a school bus full of lit candles.
one person is standing on water and playing drum
opens on a drummer submerged in water, plane flies by as a transition and now we see a school bus with candles lit on hood as vocals start.
a man playing drums in the water in a music video
a boy playing with drums in swimming pool and moving the ship in see
a man is playing a drumset while water is rising around him.
a drummer playing in the water and then a bus with candles all over
two animated characters talking to each other.
some kids are watching a cartoon video on tv.
three cartoon pictuer are shouting and one of them are flow stone to another one
blue hair girl talking something and a stone is hitting her on the head
two animated cats talking and one of them throws an object.
a dog gets hit by something in the face and another dog asks how he will respond.
blue cat being hit in the face with a rock by a cat with wings.
there is a cartoon character someone hit a stone in her eye
the clip shows a cartoon character being hit by a stone and the other cartoon character asks for his response.
cartoon cat with blue hair receive a rock on his head, cartoon cat orange asking him how is going to respond to that
in a pen 2 larger cows are on the bottom while a calf is lowing
filming of some cows in a group within a large farm
two buffaloes are eating their food and a baby buffalo is roaming around.
two cows and a calf in a pen.
cows on a farm are eating a pile of food.
a calf moving from side to side while other adult animals are feeding.
there are two cow and a calf eating food and the calf making noise.
the barn has has two cows grazing the vegetables while a calf moohs.
two cows and a calf are in a pasture and one of the cows moans.
two brown cows stand together with a calf in a field
flies are filled with the fresh water
thousands of flies are shown on a body of water drinking water.
a group of bees are flying like thunder stroam
in fresh water some creatures are gathering and playing together.
a group of bees flying in the nature
someone explaining how fly's are built
flies that are  full of fresh water filtered from the brine.
a close up in some flys but at the end there is a swarm of them.
a large swarm of flies are filled up the water and then flying off.
the nature video of thousands of small animal
words written in black poping out of blue background.
a blue background indicating a song by the singer ed sheeran
letter of suermarket flowers from a possible artist
mollusc squid is laughing about something, and holding a hose
background of a flower in blue with letters passing in black
solemn music is playing over an icy background image with the words 'supermarket', 'flowers', 'lyric', and 'ed sheeran' appearing.
black text is shown over a blue background as music plays.
an animated words in black with blue back ground
open lyrics to ed sheeran's supermarket flowers with a beautiful blue paint background.
title for music album was found for supermarket flowers.
group of four children and a robot talking.
some kids is watching a cartoon show on tv.
characters in a show are talking amongst themselves.
the cartoon character talking about trying on something and there is a alien spaceship
a cartoon with four kids talking to a robot
four cartoon characters are in conversation.
a boy wearing black top and orange short sporting eyeglasses is talking to his girlfriend in purple dress and a headband as two of his friends look on.
an animated video showing funny characters and their activities
some children having a dialogue in an animated drawing
a cartoon with males and anima talking to a girl
a woman lathers her leg to shave with the razor
a person is putting a lot of cream on their legs.
a persons bare leg is being applied with soap and there is a tap nearby.
a woman explaining how to strap a simple leg
a woman stands in a bathtub and rubs shaving cream on her leg.
a woman is putting shaving cream on her leg.
a woman is in the shower and is rubbing white cream all over one of her legs.
the lady is standing in the shower shaving her legs.
girl is applying a cream all over her legs.
the woman shows the strokes how to massage.
a man in a blue shirt and another in a pink shirt conversion by facetime
one man with white beard and spects is talking on the zoom video call
an american male talking head with a sun disk behind him is collaborating with another vlogger as they exchange pleasantries.
a man with gray hair and beard, wearing glasses, talking on a zoom meeting window lists the names of people he's going to poke.
a zoom call with a man with glasses and a younger man, he says he is going to cause a little trouble.
a guy is apologizing in his video
a man with gray hair, glasses, and a beard is talking into the camera.
a man wearing glasses talks. an orange flower shape is in the background
taking interview of old man
the person spoken to another person
a guy is removing his jacket and staring at a photo.
a scene from the film varsity blues features the illustrious james van der beek lamenting over his high football career and intimate relationship with a cheerleader.
a boy inside a room taking off his brown jacket and looking at a photo frame
a person is very upset rmove his coat and looks at the photo frame.
a young man looks contemplatively around a room, then turns slowly as he removes his outer shirt.
a frustrated guy in brown removes his flannel.
the actor realized that the girl had a compromising pictured with another guy.
a person looking someting and removing his jacket
a handsome boy is watching a  picture of himself and his girlfriend and after watching he is pulling off his jacket in a very depressing way
a boy removes his jacket and looks at a college football photograph on the sideboard.
person gluing pieces of meat in a pan with boiling water
placing pork bones into boiling water at the start of a recipe.
person who puts meat in a pot that cooks on the stove
a person is placing pork bones in a bowl of boiling water on the stove.
the water is boiling in a pot and put the mutton pieces one by one
a person prepares some food in boiling oil
preparing recipe with pork, putting them gradually in boiling water in the pan
a person putting some raw food in boiling water
a person inserts meat into a boiling pan
showing preparation of a stew.
guy performs skateboard tricks
a boy skating on a skate board and shows some actions.
very talent the boy play the skating and good perform the road.
a boy practice skateboard by jumping over up and down paths smoothly.
a man showing his ability and special stunt with skating board
the teenager skated at the park doing several tricks.  the boy wearing a pink hat jumped up and landed on his skateboard.
a male with a pink hat was riding a skateboard.
a boy is jump and down fast walking, and he is enjoy the playing
a boy in a red hat does tricks with a skateboard.
the man is  practising the scate board in steps and surface area
some components of a factory are showing
a photo of an equilibrium being shown while a narrator describes its functions.
forecasts of the use of technology for the next twenty years.
electromagnetic batteries have been at the forefront of energy creation for over twenty years
the enterprise are producing for over 20 years rechargeable batteries.
a man is giving a brief description of the importance of electro-chemical battery technology.
a voice comments on an electronic component and its specificities such as energy density.
benefits and advantages of an electrical chemical battery
the man was discussing rechargeable batteries and how long they have been around.
technological training video showing modern production and topics
a memmory foam pillow's flexibility is demonstrated by a pair of hands while a woman's voice describes her affection for the pillow.
a woman demonstrating the elasticity of a pillow in advertising
advertiser push pillow and show its comfort level
the inflatable pillow is being pushed by a woman sitting on the bed.
it is an advertise and demo of tempur-pedic pillow.
a woman in black showing a white pad and her technology and a white car behind the beetle
a women demonstrating the white memory foam pillow
woman squishes pillow to show how it can go back to original shape
a person is squeezing a memory foam pillow.
woman dressed in black demonstrates white pillow characteristic of returning to its original shape after being wrinkled
there are some kids listing to music and standing.
a girl in a purple costume sets up for a gymnastics routine.
the gymnasts are all playing in the large facility.
a young girl gymnast is preparing to do her technique.
a girl is getting ready to do gynmastics
girl in the pink unitard is getting ready to do a gymnastics trick
eveyone is at a gymnastics meet this afternoon.
there are a bunch of girls in a gym and they are preparing to do gymnastics.
young athletes in purple and white are getting ready to participate in gymnastics, there are mats and bars all around.
a group of people performing gymnastic in a gymnasium
a scene from a movie or television show of a man and woman.
a man is feeling emotional about his female partner by remembering the romantic relationship with her
a boy and a girl feel in love and thinking about each other all the time.
a young man in black t shirt is feeling his love and recalls the memory of his girl friend.
a preview of a drama show with music playing in the background.
a couple was enjoying there time and the boy explains.
a sad boy remembering his intimate moments with his girlfriend, who probably left him.
a man is speaking about the love memories
a girl in his sleeveless top curdling with her boyfriend who is driving a car. the boy in his black sleep wear sadly thinking about his moments with his girlfriend.
sequence of melancological images with romantic soundtrack
its a cartoon program the man has explining how to work
a video game character walks around places to rob them
a guy with headphone on and hoodie is playing minecraft
a boy is streaming his game and commentary while playing the minecraft game.
the game character is walking and exploring the room.
a screen recording video of game with the player on the corner
a man in black dress explains about a craft battle duty game, on television.
a teenage boy is providing an explanation about a video game.
a video game played by a young boy, a game character respond according to the boy's instruction
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
many fireworks in the sky while several people applaud
a crowd reacting by shouting and applauding fireworks.
in a beautiful dark night people are doing firework to make it more beautiful and bright.
many colorful fire crackers lighting up dark sky
seen of video cracking there is huge cracking
crackers are looking so beautiful in sky like star are twinkling in sky
fire cracking in the sky and lots of light are barking
fireworks explode to the sound of people cheering before a logo for temple fireworks is displayed.
fireworks are being displayed and people are cheering.
temple fireworks company is lighting crackers.
two children are preparing a juice to drink.
two young girls help their mother by putting grapes in a blender
two kids are ate fruits and put them in the mixer
two baby girls making a food item
two little girls are adding grapes to a blender.
two kids are eating the grapes and put in the jar
a woman can be heard requesting two young girls to put the grapes in a bowl into a blender which the kids do.
two kids are eating grapes and putting them in the blender.
two kids are eating the grapes and put the jar
two little  asian girls are eating fruits and try to make something in blender
the avatar master stood atop a rock formation commanding the waters, rocks, and fire.
a martial arts master controlling sea, air, water and fire with his powers.
one person standing on hill and showing his power by using nature
a man is standing on the top of a cliff with the sun setting behind him and making martial art actions
the animation on this clip is very beautiful.
a boy on top of a mountain throwing blows of fire and wind with his hands.
a cartoon of a man on top of a rock moving water, earth, fire and air, with sunset in the background.
a cartoon (avatar). there is a man on top of a rock making moves and casting powers.
a young man on the top of a rock controls water, earth, fire and air. the sun is in the background.
a cartoon showing the power of the avatar master
people walking across a square with the video about life after the coronavirus.
people walking around on the street with masks on their faces
image of a city with tall buildings and a blue sky.
video of a building with voices in the background with the entry of a story about the new normal in times of coronavirus
many persons walking around street and one long tower is there and many buildings near
people walking with social distancing amidst the corona virus situation in a city.
a report was being made about life during the corona virus pandemic.
walking people and crossing road and a messages coming on blue patches
two large building in the middle of these two building a big white pole which is having some circular shape object
in the middle of some builds, there is a grey tower
two hands taking a paper figure and folding one edge
a man making a paper craft with his hands
a different craft work is happening with nice way to do.
a person doing some paper craft work
a person picks up a paper shape and begins to unfold it.
man doing crafts teaching how to make a red and blue star
man making cut and fold with paper to form things.
a hand picks up an organe and blue ninja star.
ovel size hand craft to explina the nature of symbol
a man is describing how to make craft with paper
a woman putting on her shoe and commenting.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
there is a woman in a room she is putting on her high heels
a lady is giving a review of dress shoes.
a blond-haired young woman wearing distressed jeans and a black shirt is putting on a pair of high-heeled sandals.
a woman putting on high heels and talking with spectator
a beautiful lady wearing blue jeans and a black top sporting long blond hair is explaining about wearing black coloured pump shoes with back strap
a white girl with blonde hair putting on a black pair of sandals in her bedroom.
a girl is getting ready wearing a black top, blue jeans and black sandals
one woman wearing the slippers in front of the mirror
a boy holding a old lady who is dying.
a man in a red and blue suit is holding a collapsed blonde woman in his arms.
a young man holding a dying young lady in his hand and trying to wake up her.
a beautiful couple acting in a movie and very intereting to see.
spiderman holds an unconscious female in his arms as he attempts to revive her.
spider man is holding a girl in his hands who is about to die
a person holding a women who is unconscious by sitting down.
a man is holding a woman who is unconscious, trying to wake her.
a guy with red top is holding up a girl with blonde hair and green top appear to be fainted.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
he talks about pocket pc that is very powerfull, with increabile cpu and gpu processing power.
a television on the table and a man, wearing blue t-shirt and black jeans, pocketing the remote.
an advertisement about mini pc and the specifications of this device
a man is doing a voice-over, while a television is shown with animated visuals followed by a man who puts a remote device in his pocket.
one lady how to used explaine lcd tv projector
the access pc is an advertisement about the ease of doing your daily work.
multiple animated video layers move around screen, and a man tucks a pocket-sized pc device in the front pocket of his blue jeans.
a black television hanging on the wall with screen tabs coming out of it.
a person watching the tv in whatsapp status and insert the phone and pendrive in pant packet
a man explains about how to work with pocket pc's.
in a t.v show anchor is speaking in mike, judges are standing at the podium and some other people are at dias where audience seated in the down.
audience clapping and shouting to presenters in the middle of the stage.
audience cheering up with claps and whistles for the performers in dancing with the stars show.
an anchor inviting the participants on the stage and the judges are welcoming them
audience applauding euphorically after a performance on a musical program
a tv show with many people on stage.
contestants walking around on the stage of dancing with the stars
some people are entering in the stage show auditorium
the judges from the show dancing with the stars are congratulating the participants.
there are several people on a large stage, one of the women on stage has a silver dress and is speaking on stage to everyone else.
bunch of people visit letter factory
cartoon reptile family walking into a factory that sorts out letters.
there is a little factory and workers are doing work in the factory
talking frogs walk through a factory
four cartoon characters walk in a line at an amusement park before it cuts to a stage.
a cartoon family of frogs walk through a letter family as the dad tells the kids what the letters do.
there are a bunch of frogs that are walking into a factory.
some cartoon about family of green frogs in suits
a cartoon, in which a frog family is attending a factory tour, with the father frog offering his commentary to his children.
cartoon clip showing a cartoon characters walking in line
a man and a woman on a album cover
image of the cover of a film showing a man and a woman exchanging glances
a man and a woman pose for the cover of a film called notebook
a movie poster play in the screen in front of camera
a poster of movie notebook showing in cinemas from 29th march 2019
a movie banner were played and desiged to great.
teasure of a film product with two angels
a woman is holding a pillar and looking at a man who is gazing back at her.
a woman wearing a white dress is staring at a man
a photograph is shown of a woman and a man desiring each other.
rain creates water logging in street and flowing in too much force
a man describing river water purification before it gets to your home.
a video on how water is purified from the ocean to the homes.
blue and cold water running in a river and then a tap
this is river water entering a massive water plant where it is purified and filted before it's gets our home.
a river with water extraction and treatment equipment
in this video we can see a man filling a bottle with water
a person is speaking about how the water is purified
water is flowing down before a hand is shown holding a glass up to a faucet.
a video explanation of river water entering a treatment plant with a narrator.
a white bird with a long orange beak sitting on a green stem.
photo with a white bird and story about it behind the camera
white bird with sharp orange nose is sitting in the tree
a woman is describing a bird which is a kingfisher.
zoomed in picture of a white bird standing on plants while a woman narrator talks about his beautiful color.
a white bird with a long beak is perched on a blade of grass.
still image of a white bird with a long orange beak.
monologue about a white bird, with voice in the background
there is a white bird on the leaf of the tree.
albino bird with large and orange beak rests on a green tree branch
two woman are working in the kitchen while dancing
two girls are in kitchen , girl with red top is dancing and having mobile in her hand and   other girl is airing charcoal stove.
a lady is cooling his food by paper and other lady is roaming
a women with black dress is cooking barbecue and the other women is hearing song.
one woman is cooking whilst another dances to some music.
one girl is cooking something and another is dancing.
a girl in red top is standing holding her mobile in hand as the girl in black uses a cardboard sheet to blow some air.
a women cooking in the kitchen and another women dancing
a barbecue party. two asian women are dancing to country music.
a female is feeling heat as she cools herself
a beautiful girl with loose hairstyle in the full covered coat is playing piano nicely.
an attractive woman with brown hair is playing the piano and a few people are walking by in the background.
a brunette woman dressed in black leather jacket playing the piano
a woman in a beautiful leather jacket playing a classic piano in a large hall
a girl playing piono intersting and ethusiastic way with her amazing finger movement
a musician is playing his musical instrument alone
a woman with black dress playing musical instruments and singing a song
a woman in a black jacket plays a piano very dramatically while people walk past in the background.
a woman playing the piano.
woman playing piano in a store or mall.
ina garten is seasoning some potatoes and about to cut an onion
a chef discusses her recipe over a closeup of red potatoes, pepper, and garlic.
no video so no words into the sentence for video
sprinkle apple slices with brown sugar
a women in the dress of a chef is trying to cook a yumm food with apples and garluc
a lady is demonstrating and explaining how to prepare potatoes with pepper and garlic.
while a woman is speaking, potatoes are shown before it cuts to the woman picking up garlic.
there are red chopped potatoes. pepper is grinded on top of the potatoes. then a woman in a white shirt grabs a head of garlic.
a woman sprinkles some pepper on potatoes and slices garlic on a table.
someone is putting sugar or pepper on apples and then taking a garlic
a guy with polished hair and a black jacket on is putting face moisturiser on his face.
a commercial for shaving with a guy in a blue jacket.
a jobem boy straightens his beard while a man talks
a young man is putting on aftershave that is supposed to make his skin feel great
a clean shaved young man rubbing aftershave lotion on his cheek and necks and the audio says that smells great.
a man is looking in the mirror and grooming himself
a young man in a bathroom is putting on some aftershave.
a young guy is standing in front of the camera rubbing something on his face and neck.
a man putting  cream on his face
a young man applies after shave in the bathroom.
a band is playing a rock song in a closed venue.
a group of person playing guitar and singing the song in stadium
stage with many people during a band show
a band on the stage with men singing, playing guitar and drums.
a band is playing rock music on a stage in front of an audience.
a band composed of a large group of people, is performing a song live.
a great perfomance by a rock band on stage with plenty of lights.
there is a lot of people on the stage who are playing instruments.
a musical band is performing in front of audience on a stage.
a concert with lights that change colours in the backround.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a woman is teaching how play a violine.
the female with white dress is playing violin and talking about it.
a woman dressed in white and black vest teaches how to learn to play the violin
a young woman showcases her trademark techniques on how to master the violin.
a girl teaches how to properly hold the violin bow
a lady in white teaching how to play a violin.
wonderful art of playing the violin, easy for those who see but complex for those who play, this beautiful girl for the presentation to explain better
we have a young woman playing the violin on television
a woman teachs how to play violin
driving a car on a road at high speed
a person is driving down a sunny two lane road through a heavily wooded area.
a man speeding down a heavily forested, single lane road.
an individual in shorts is driving a honda through the woods on a two lane road.
a person driving his car very fast in a long road
a man is driving a car on the road surrounded by trees.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a person drives a car on a road fastly where dense trees were along the both sides of the road seeming it to be thick forest
driving a car on the road.
a lady driving in a car through wooded area.
family guy cartoon show with peter griffin flying on a broom stick and talking to lois in their living room.
someone is watching a cartoon show with a fat guy flying on a broom.
family guy characters sitting on the couch when the dad flys in on a broom laughing talking about going sky writing.
a clip from family guy is playing. peter is flying on a broom stick.
a family sit on a coach before a large man an a broom flies into the room.
peter griffin talks to his family in the living room while sitting on a flying broom.
the man is on his broomstick in the room with his family.
a clip of the show family guy where peter is riding on a broom.
a fat man appears to his family in the living room riding a witch's broom.
a man flies into a living room on a broom.
a news report about a man trying to kill someone in a second attempt in a parking garage.
abc news provides a news report regarding an assassination attempt.
the going to police car
suspect shoots on a police car when the police car drives away.
some one is watching the news about violence.
a stranger in the car is shooting a police man and escapes by driving fast at night
report of an event where there is a policeman.
the news reporter talks about an police shooting incident showing the footage.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a gunman shooting while a police car gets away.
its the footage of the earth quick where the house and the pole is shattering can be seen
an electrical pool is very dangerous situation
a pole and nearby shop shakes because of an earthquake.
it is about how to perform skating in road.
a electric transformer and a green flag in the ground with full of air flow and bike horn.
a street light moving in the wind
person recording the moment of an earthquake where it is possible to perceive a tremendous building
the sidewalk of a street with a tall lamppost, boxes and rubbish lying on the floor.
a heavy storm is blown where wall of a building is shaking
an earthquake is shaking the buildings of a city
a man is screwing out a printer where parts of it were dismantled
the person is removing something by screw from the machine.
a part of the printer machine is slowly and carefully separated
a printer is maintained, while the operation is being filmed.
a man showing how to fix a device.
a man working a electronic substance
a person is opening a printer components
a person is removing a tray outside from the printer.
a person removes a metal part from a printer.
someguy is trying to  take apart the machine and trying to fix it
squidward draws a bubble path inside his house then a fish grabs the bottle through the window.
the animated figure it putting something into the water.
the squidward person looks at the bed and looks out the window
some one is looking a sponge bob video.
a green cartoon character gets his bath soap stolen by a fish character.
squidward tentacles wears a yellow hat while pouring pink bubblebath solution into a blue rimmed bathtub.
squidward getting ready to take a bath
squidward is getting ready to take a bath and then a random fish steals his sampoo.
when that charecter planed to bath by applying some chemicals in that bath tub unexpectedly another fish is take that chemical
a light blue character pours a pink liquid into a pool of water as a fish character snatches it from his hands
a black man in a blue suit sings a song.
a man in a suit is singing into a microphone.
a man in a fancy suit is singing.
a man in blue suit singing a slow music
a singer is performing for an audience.
a black man starts singing and dancing to a song.
a man in a blue suit sings behind a microphone.
this man at the microphone is a fantastic singer.
a man in a suit sings into a microphone.
a man dressed in a shiny blue suit sings into a microphone while another plays guitar in the background.
person filming the grass while shaking the camera
a siren rings in the distance as rain falls and wind blows across yards in a neighborhood.
the whistling wind blowing and embracing the trees there.
strong wind in nature - at the campsite
a person records the gloomy weather conditions around them.
a grass area with trees is experiencing a rain storm while sirens blare in the background.
outside of a house during a strong rain with the sounds of a firefighter car at the background
many people sitting in car while rain comes down.
it is raining outside and the green area looks wet
trees near a black car are shaking tremendously due to storm
the woman is explaining how to make the bread
a woman makes a pastry on a baking sheet in a kitchen.
a person is holding a pan displaying strips of food.
a person took stuff out of the oven and then puts the pan down.
a woman talks about the food on a metal tray.
a lady demonstrating how to bake pastries
a woman moves around food on a pan while talking about it.
somebody is making pastries and showing people how to do it in a video
in a instructional video, a woman shows us the finished product of her churros.
a person has some pastries in a tray explaining how to make them
rap music with a guy in the centre wearing all red clothing surrounded by girls
a man is singing a song in a rap music video.
a man in red cap, red jacket with a black inner smoking a cigar.
a person singing in a rap-style music video
a man smoking cigarette wearing red coat and cap is singing and having wine bottles in front of him
a man in red suit smokes and sings while people throw drinks around him.
it's a video music and there is an hip hop singer
a nice hip hop artist with a red hat singing his favorite song
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
it is a videoclip with a man dressed in red an two women throwing champagne on them.
a team of rock band is performing on the stage
a concert with a band of guitar players with suits on on the stage.
1. three men with their white, brown and red guitars standing on the stage after their show.
a group of musical team ready to sing a song
three well dressed guitarists  and all musicians raising hands
short excerpt from a talk show featuring a rock in roll band.
the band group standing on the stage is appreciated by the crowd after the performance.
band receives platea applauses in a talk show program
the music competition is great and awesome.
its a music stage, four persons used to gitar and music, all are peoples claping.
the athletes were waiting for the sound and started to run after it.
players are fast running in the ground
a group of olympic runners sprint in a race against each other. the race is won by usain bolt of jamaica
short distance race between men in which the athlete usain bolt won.
a team of sprinters in yellow, green, and red race down the track.
an olympic race with some men running to see who gets ahead.
people running in a dispute at the olympics
runs line up and start running from the starting point on the track.
athlets showing their performance in a stadium in front of large crowd
men racing in a 100 meter dash race on a tan color track
a man is talking to a small boy explaining something
a young man my be a father telling importatnt things to a kid or his child
a little boy and his father are talking in the window.
a man weatring a tie talking to his son
a guy commentating about a movie with a man and a child.
the person wearing a tie is talking to a small boy.
a man with his son advising kid to understand some matters showing things inside the room
a dad talking with his son in the top of stairs to the basement
a dad say something to his child
a boy is looking out a window with an older man wearing a tie.
a beautiful decorated vase is standing, beside a rose flower.
there is black flower vase and red roses.
a dot painted vase  and red roses by the side
cylinder-shaped object decorated with bright colorful circles sits next to red roses.
a beautiful flower vase is placed near some rose flowers on a table.
the black colored flower vase is displayed with some music in the background.
a black long pot is art worked beauty and nearby roses are placed
a hand crafted vessel is showing with background music
showing a flower pot.
red rose on the right and a black and colorful vase on the left
a shadow floats over some sheep in a field.
sheep on the grass are surprised when something passed above their head.
reproduction of a cartoon showing sheep on a farm
an animated series being started with cast intro
a sheep gets scared of a big shadow.
a sheep chewing grass while a huge shadow appears
three cartoon characters and some text displayed after than some cloud passed above
3 dogs  it features three dogs standing on the ground
a scene made in stop motion with some sheep standing and eating grass. a message appears whats up, dog?
a cartoon black faced sheep grazing in a meadow as a shadow crosses overhead
a person is mountaing biking down a rocky area and then there are some people playing soccer.
a bicyclist makes a large jump on dirt and does a trick in the air, then someone in blue kicks a soccer ball into a basketball net.
the are people performing outrageous stunts & tricks.
there is a guy riding a bike and getting a lot of air and people doing lots of extreme sports
someone rides bike on a dirt track and someone else kicks a soccer ball.
the person is riding the motorcycle down the large thing.
a guy is cycling over the hill with other people  looking on.
a man speeds down a hill on a mountain bike followed by a blue soccer player making a trick shot.
a man riding bike doing stunts on a hill. a group of young boys playing soccer in a school field.
people playing sports, first dirt bike jumpint and then soccer.
a woman is showing mirror to the man sit in front of her
the female is holding a mirror and talking to a male wearing headphones.
they are speaking and the women cheak  for woman hear meachine correcting
woman who looks a lot like rihana, talks to a guy with headphones, in a beautiful colored room
i'm trying to make a recording using a mirror.
rihanna and seth meyers are talking to each other while sitting on a red velvet couch.
simple and well done video, there are no particular emphasis to underline
rhianna proclaims she is getting passionate in an animated conversation with seth meyers.
the singer rhinna tells a talk show host to be passionate about a task
a guy with dark top and headphone on is talking while a lady in dress in holding up a mirror for him.
a man narrates facts about a war and a fleet of planes appears shortly after.
old images of the second war with man reporting a bomb attack
there are a lot of planes flying over germany and such
world war 2 era airplanes are moving on to an airstrike.
airforce jet flying in the sky and the city is crowded
this is a clip from a world war two documentary.
a city with lot of tension, and the flights are flying around the place.
there are many flights flying in the sky
a group of world war l fighter planes flying in uniform.
people walking in the streets and after that planes in the sky.
evil sorceress walking towards to the camera and laughing
malificent walking into a scence she has on a horned hat a vest with a very big pointed coller dressed all in black, has a staff, and a large group of people part way for her watching her and she says well, well.
a pale woman with red lips, wings, and two horns walks through a group of people.
a lady with black dress and black crow having two horns is entering to a large crowd.
a woman with horns in a black dress walks among a group of people.
a woman dressed in black and with horns crosses the crowd
a witch wearing a black colour suit and carrying a wand addressing his followers.
a woman dressed in all black with horns on her head walks through a crown of people also dressed in black
a movie trailer of maleficent shows with maleficent walking in a room with other people, who are standing around.
lots of people are standing and a girl is walking
clip in which a man in a suit watches several women dressed in white.
beautiful girls are moving around the man standing and enjoying the dance of the girls
man singer with some dancing beautiful girls and white wall behind them
a man in a black suit is singing while catwalk models walk in front of him.
a man in black and white dress and watching a girls dance
few girls doing modeling moving left to right and vice versa and man in black suit standing in the back
the man dressed in black was watching the ladies walk by.
a man is standing near wall and some women are walking near to him
a man in a black suit is singing and girls walking in front of him.
a lead singer singing in a musical video with models dancing around.
a women open the refrigirator and taking a bottle
a person open a fridge, and grab a bottle of juice
a lady opening a fridge and taking a cool drinks and here showing review about that cooling system
presentation of a refrigerator
a very nice refridgerator with door in door system.
announcement of a refrigerator in which a person appears opening and a man describing the product in the background.
the ad for explaination of the bridge
someone opens a metallic fridge, you see fruits and energy drinks.
the man was open to the fridge door and take to the juice bottle.
somebody is opening a spacious refrigerator and taking a bottle.
jack-o-lanters with flames in them are sitting on green grass.
the fire on the pot with music
there are a group of pumpkins and are singing a song
carved pumpkins lit with fire sit on the grass.
orange carved jack-o-lanterns with the candle buring inside.
you have been warned, do not mess with the chef in haloween!
the red bowl is filled with lava which has eyes and mouth and nose.
a comedy video about questioning the chef's cooking talent.
don't mess with the chef.
five jack o' lanterns are displayed while haunting singing is playing, then a banner is wiped into view reading don't mess with the chef.
a wrestler wins a title belt as a referee taps his opponent out.
there are men wrestling in a ring and a logo is displayed.
wrestlers are standing around in a ring in front of a crowd.
some bearded men only in swim trunks in an octagon.
a wrestler in black celebrates a great win against an opponent.
there was a wwe match going on the court of match
there are some people who are trying to wrestle each other.
a pro wrestling competition takes place while electronic music plays in the background.
a wrestler has won the match and enjoying his winning moment
brief highlighst are shown of a wcw tage team championship match. dubstep music is offered in the background.
a woman in a yellow shirt is looking over the city.
a cute girl arranging cam and moving to long shot near to a cycle and wearing light brown dress
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a beautiful and young lady taking his video and smiling
an asian woman filming herself posing against a concrete wall.
girl with an asian appearance and long dark hair approaches a high fence
the girl with yellow dress is walking towards the wall and turning back.
a young asian woman looks over a wall then turns back around
an asian woman on a roof is looking over at a city.
a pretty asian woman walks away from the camera and looks over the side of a building
a man is putting on a red glove in front of a green motorcycle.
visual to the fantastic motor bike, and the person watch to the bike
a man is giving an introduction to a video about is the 300 ninja the best starter bike.
a green bike is parked in the road.
a person is wearing gloves and ready for bike riding
a man wearing gloves is talking about a yellow motorcycle
a person wear the hand glove sitting on the bike
a sports bike in green is being parked and a person wearing red coat is wearing  gloves to ride the bike
a racer is getting ready with red gloves to ride a bike
someone wearing red leather looking gloves before a green colored bike.
a man is very scared running from a tornado.
the man is very fear of the run away to the land
a man in a black shirt is running away from a wind cyclone in a desert type area.
a heavy rounding wind a person running towards it.
there is a wind and the soil are rotating in the ground
man with mental problems expects a hurricane to almost hit him.
there's a guy recording a dust tornado. the tornado is coming faster than he thought and ends up yelling and running off for his life.  while in the mist of all the wind and dirt.
a tornado is being recorded by a person running from it.
a man wearing black shirt is crossing a desert when he is facing a severe sandstorm and whirly winds
guy on the background of an approaching tornado
it's a timelapse of a person who is mixing some elements together.
a person wearing a mask and orange gloves is mixing a concoction.
a man in blue shirt is doing an experiment in the kitchen.
a person try to make some chemicals to make paint.he was fast in his work and he is very attemptive by mixing the paints
there is a guy cooking and baking in a laboratory
the man is standing in the kitchen doing some cleaning.
a man in a blue t-shirt mixes some dark blue liquid and pours it into a dispenser.
a person quickly moves about, fiddling with several different objects and liquids on a wooden stand.
this man is spending the afternoon working in his garage with his tools.
a quick time lapse of someone preparing to paint something with an air sprayer.
a female talking about hotel rooms designed after a car theme.
a bright house with decorated and colorful furniture are shown one by one.
a hotel room is being shown with three beds and female is describing  about the room
a woman describes a room designed with cars.
this advertisement shows different car beds while a woman tells about the monroe car beds.
the furniture goes along with the race cars.
three different rooms are shown, each featuring a car that has been reconstructed into a bed.
a plush car shop showing a diverse range of cars and car accessories.
demonstration of a variety of furniture to decorate the house.
someone is talking about sleeping in a race car.
a blonde girl in futuristic outfit talks to a man in futuristic outfit, she seems to be demonstrating him something about a spaceship.
a lady at a counter ask a man to explain something.
blond woman on a spaceship is talking to another crew member, as she skilfully presses buttons in an effort to appear occupied in the scene.
she is talking the the boy some what matters.
a woman in lavender  shirt is talking to a person in maroon shirt
a conversation between two star trek characters in the control room
two crew members of the enterprise star ship talking
a woman arguing her point to a man while both appear to be at work.
there is wpmen speaking to a man
two people in uniform, a man and a woman with a scar above her left eye, are standing on the deck of a spaceship and discussing the situation at hand.
a girl in pink t shirt approaching the reality show stage for performance.
a little girl is going to perform on the stage
a person with red dress is walking towards the front of the stage to perform.
a girls walking through the stage to performance
a person entered on the stage and prepared to perform
a girl entering the stage with background music.
a contestant on the voice approaches the center stage
a girl enter in to the artistic stage
a girl takes the stage as she prepares to sing in front of evaluators and a large audience.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man was coming towards cctv camera and pointing his hand
someone is explaining how long his guttering has been up.
a small wooden building is shows, a man talks, and shows a camera it reads cctv in opertation and the man has a british accent.
a house with brown siding and a metal ladder in front of it.
a person reaching out for something in top of the building
there is a wooden house with cctv installed and a man explaining about the roofs extension.
footage about an installation of cctv equipment in a home.
the narrator is talking about the houses rain gutter and long long its been there
a male lease agent showing a prospective customer their cabins.
a person touching the roof of the home
a video showing a recipe of garlic knot chicken ring.
put off the form ready garlic knot chicken by alfredo ring
a person unmolding a pie in a round shape with a hole in the middle and placing a glass of sauce in the center of the pie.
food is being reveiled from a grey piece of kitchenware.
a person is serving garlic knot chicken alfredo ring with mayonnaise in it.
someone bake garlic chicken with alfredo rings.
a serving plate with lid contains grilled chicken and sauce to dip.
a cook unveils a dish from a bunt pan and adds dip to the center.
person placing food plate on the table and finishing decorating.
garlic knot chicken alfredo ring is pulled out of a cake pan.
a group of research persons are working on the monster black hole.
people sat on the chairs working on computers and an animation video played
there's a person explaining about the universe and  monster black hole
group of scientists are in the lab to discover and working on the black hole.
fore men can be seen seating on the chairs in front of lot of screens .
a huge team of experts are analysing the monster black hole area.
men working in a room with many computers over a black hole
four men are sitting in front  of the computer and a monster black hole in the universe is shown.
people's are working on the monster black hole project
that video describe about journey of the monster black hole.
guy opens the door and entering the room with a small pug in it
a person is turning the doorknob and opening the room which has a pug in it.
a man wearing a black shirt is opening the door of a room.
the house has white door.
the man enters his room and sees his dog on the bed.
some opened the door of bed room and there is dog on the bed
a person opens a door into a dimly lit room with two beds, a pug is standing on the beds.
when the door is opened and the dog is waiting with great love and joy to receive us and it is evident that the joy and love is reciprocal of the owner
a younger boy opening a bedroom door and looking at a dog on a bed.
a person opens a door and reveals that there is a dog on top of a set of beds.
a girl with blue hair, black pants and a white t-shirt is sitting on a sofa holding a gift, around a christmas decoration
an interview with the recording artist billie eilish.
a blue hair woman talks about what are her plans for the future
a lady with a red box in hand telling about herself
a women sitting on a sofa having a christmas gift describes her work
a young woman is talking about her artistic process
a woman with blue hair is holding a red coloured box and is sitting beside a christmas tree
a woman sitting in a christmas decorated room talking about her type of work
a young beautiful girl with straight hair sitting in chair telling something.
a girl is sitting in an armchair next to a christmas tree and talks with a red box in her hands
a man is fixing the big wheel of a tractor
a man talking about computer repair while working on a tractor.
white man holding the tire of a big green tractor to fix it with a screwdriver just behind him is full of green trees
man doing maintenance on a huge tire of an agricultural machine
1. a mechanic explain how this tractor tyre damages and how we rectify this problem
a man is fitting tyre in a green vehicle.
a man is working on a wheel of a bhs
a man is switching the wheels of a big tractor.
he's fixing the tractor.
the contrast of the tire with the man gives us the total dimension of the size of the machinery
i see jets flying in the sky.
video of different military planes in the air
some guy explaining about the jets and it's designs  and the way he took photos of that
some planes are flying in the sky
multiple airplanes of different color fly over people.
a man talking about a recorded video of jets and planes
there are a lot of fighter jets in the sky and a man is talking about these fighter jets
several fighter planes flying in a blue sky
many kind of jet flying on sky
the two planes are flying side by side together.
aman wearing a black shirt looks at his watch and messes up his hair while telling a joke.
a comedian is doing a stand up comedy set while standing in front of a brick wall.
there in black shirt on stage talking to the crowd
he fantastically gave a speach about him like he speaks about his hair etc. and he wearing black t-shirt
this looks like someting from a ted speech online.
ricky gervais performs a comedy routine as he adjusts his hair with his hands.
a person is talking and he starts to do weird things with his hands and body.
a man in a black shirt on stage telling a story.
the man is standing on stage and talking to a group of people.
a man in black clothes addressing with the use of body language mostly
a texas sheriff is giving an interview to a television network
a sheriff talks about a shooting at a press conference.
a texas sheriff talking about a shooting incident to reporters.
police officer is giving an interview to the local television about the morals of a recent shooting.
a news report show people talking about a shooting while cars drive by
a sheriff is describing an event that occurred during sunday service in texas. a shooting had occurred during church, the gunman was taken down after killing someone.
a texas police officer speaks over the mic and informs everyone about the situation.
sheriff bill is giving an interview with two policemen behind him, a man in a suit next to him and another man cut in half in the image
sheriff bill waybourn talks to reporters about a sunday shooting
a person with black colour dress with black colour hat giving speech to news channel
city shown from above with a lot of traffic and day to day lights.
futuristic technology being shown to demonstrate the importance of research.
comment on the technology.
camera view cover the full city on mid night time
the man is describing how technology has almost took over the world.
in the busiest city large vehicles are moving to and fro.
a city full of colorful lights at night
a busy city with more traffic and zooms into a battery operated car.
a brightly lit city is shown with fast moving cars as a sophisticated device is shown.
a night time busy road with many vehicles moving
a young woman playing a guitar and singing on stage.
a women singing a song with playing guittar in a stage.
a girl in knee high boots and a white blous and grey hat strums a guiter and sings on stage.
a white dress wearing girl playing guitar and singing a song in a stage
a lady is playing guitar and singing song on stage.
video of a girl playing and singing on the voice 2019
a woman with a white dress, a gray hat, and thigh-high boots stands on a stage lit with red lights while she plays guitar and sings into a mic.
the lady in the white shirt with the blue hat on her head plays a brown guitar on a stage backlit with red lights.
a woman in a white dress and a black hat, with a guitar in her hand singing a song and performing on stage! Â 
the lady is performing country music live on stage.
a man with a cat is entering in to the house in an animation video
a black and gray cat is entering the house.
a cartoon man in blue pants and a cat in his back opened the door and entered into a room.
the cat follows her mistress into the house
a person wearing blue pants and brown shoes enters through the door.
it's an animation, there is a guy entering the house and a black cat too.
the man opens the door and walks in and the cat follows him.
cartoon where a man opens a door and enters a house accompanied by a tabby cat.
fragment from a cartoon with a cat entering the house after  a man
one of the cats behind him to open the door
a huge crowd of people are chanting and shouting, holding flags and carrying something over their heads.
large crowd is protesting something and chanting all the way.
people are rallying over something very important to them to get justice
it seems that is a video about a party in a village with a lot of people together
big people death so very crowd for all area so biggest traffic for all sides.
a crowd of people are moving there together
at that place fully crowed.
a crowd carrying a dead body in the street
the crowd is holding something and shouting and clapping.
a big crowd of people with flags in some hands shouting and moving.
a voice that spies on the most creative lamp you have ever wanted to buy
an image of designer led light is played with voice
the most creative lamp design for buying
the introduction slide for a video showing the best lamp designs.
there were different creative lamp designs made to purchase by users.
different colorful lamps with some very attractive captions
you can buy any creative lamp from here
few lamps have been hung and showing a text that most creative  lamp  designs ever you will want to buy.
quite interesting video with nice creative lights
a message about lamps, with lamps in the background.
a women is swimming in watre with no others around
a child is swimming and playing under water.
underwater video of a little girl playing with streamers in a pool, set to energetic music.
showing a girl diving into the pool type.
a girl is under water waving around some type of colorful object.
a girl is playing with bangs under water.
an young lady in one piece swimming dress with colourful decorations in both hands is swimming and playing under the water while music plays in the background
a young girl in a swimsuit and goggles performs underwater aerobics with two handheld ribbons.
child plays in the pool with colorful tapes underwater
a girl playing the swimming pool and shake with colourful papers
a screen recording of a game is playing
the beginning of a mario game, picking a character and waiting for the game itself to start. woman with yellow dress is chosen.
little girls we giving heart that girl come forward.
two mario characters and two princesses characters are standing in a row, one princes came forward.
animated character in a game are standing and one character comes forward.
two men and women standing and ready for a game
prior to starting the game, select your character, the brunette princess has been selected.
a boy is playing a game on the computer
a nintendo type of game that allows player to select game character
supermario together with other people who mov
there are fireworks in the night sky.
a huge fireworks display by the water lights up the sky.
very beautiful fire works
several red fireworks coming out of the sea and people screaming.
the people are firing the lighting crackers beside the waters
lot of red color crackers blasting over the sky
crackers bursting in the sky and the people are celebrating it with cheers.
people shouting in excitement while watching a cracker show.
this video shows some happy gathering of people and bursting of the crackers with people's  happy sound
red and gold fireworks are bursting in the sky
a very nice pencil drawing of a flower, seems realistic.
an artist draws a flower in pencil on a white sheet of paper.
one person is a pencil drawing and pencil colour
a person is seen making use of skills in painting
someones hand is drawing and shading a flower at superspeed.
the person is doing a pencil sketch of a flower on the white paper.
there is a hand that is shading in a picture of a nice flower.
a person is drawing  an art of a flower
in the life shows someone drawing something
a person is drawing the black and white flower using the black and white pencils.
a woman teaching how to clean a sink with baking soda and toothbrush
a female provides a demonstration on cleaning your sink and and food disposable using toothbrush, bacon soda, and white vinegar.
someone getting ready to show to clean a sink without using harsh chemicals.
a girl is showing how to clean the sink
onle lady is explaining about how to clean sink with baking soda and vineger
how to clean your sink and disposal without using chemicals
a woman describes the tools needed to clean a dirty sink.
a double sink with a woman's hand showing up giving cleaning tips and showing some products
the lady is showing  how to clean sink with out harsh chemicals.
woman showcases the ingredients to how to clean out a sink.
there is a person who sitting on grass outside and playing with something in his hands.
a guy with a pony tail lighting a cracker or something like that
man showcases his self-taught demolition techniques.
a man in white t shirt doing some experiment
a person explain with electric current usage in outside place
a man is sitting in the grass, holding cords and doing a demonstration while talking.
a man is in a mountainous area explaining something with a cable
a man wearing lungi and white,grey half sleeve t-shirt sitting in a grass land adjacent to a small mountain is explaining how to create a spark with wire.
the boy sitting on the grass handle the wire cutter
there is a boy do something with liter and wire on grassy area.
its a classroom,where a guy is visiting the students to do his performance.
a man with a guitar entertains the children of a school
a man is playing a guitar.
a guitar player is interacting with an assembly of children.
number of students sitting in a class room hearing their music teacher
a man performing with guitar to entertain a group of students.
there is a big crowd of children that are screaming at a man.
a boy remembered an incredible day when he played for a crowd
a man with a guitar is talking to an auditorium of children and saying it was one of the best days of his life.
the person is talking to a group of kids and the kids are cheering.
the little boy is running and posing with great smile
a small kid enjoying in park happily dancing in the park
a cute baby enjoying a nice day outside playing by himself
a baby boy is playing in the garden
little boy in blue t-shirt very happy running in the garden
a beautiful child with red shorts runs happy
the young child was running around on the grass.
a young boy walks near a bush whilst a song plays over the top
a video fimling a toddler boy walking and then facing the camera as palm trees wave behind him.
a baby boy with blue shirt is running and laughing.
the voice in the shadow is giving the detail plan to the man who is ready to carry out the plan.
bane is touching the face of a victim that needs help
bane from the movie dark knight rises holds a man close and intimidates him
bane is talking to a human and starts to threaten and scare him.
bane from speaks to a timid looking man, questioning him.
a masked thug confronts a businessman and slowly caresses his face causing the businessman to become afraid.
a man with a mask intimidating another man who is much shorter.
some one is watching some video in the dark.
a man in a scary mask talks to another man and puts his hand on the man's face and neck.
bane from the movie the dark knight rises strokes a man's face, while telling him how important his money is.
a woman in a black outfit, singing, operates on a stage.
an artist in dazzling costumes performs an opera.
a woman in a black sparkling dress and headdress is singing opera matching the ambient instrumental music in the background.
an opera singer sings in a black dress
an opera singer dressed in black with a huge headgear and scary looking makeup is singing.
there is a woman wearing a costume and singing opera
woman with heavy makeup and crown on her head sings classical music.
an opera singer sing queen of the night aria by mozart
someone performing dance show in stage
a costumed character performs in a singing theater.
in a bathroom, a guy is turning around and around showing off his hair cut lines while someone talking offscreen.
a wonderful guy is looking around in a hospital
a man in the background explains his haircut as his is rotating for the camera.
a man is describing how he cuts his hair
a young man with his back to the camera, with a new haircut talks about his bottem buzz cut as he demonstrates his new hair cut.
a man explains how to finish giving oneself a haircut.
there is a guy cutting his hair in the bathroom
a man with a fresh haircut is showing his haircut
a guy is showing his short hair cut.
a man spins around to show the point where he cut the bottom of his hair to.
soldiers doing passing out parade and a senior doing inspection of the soldiers.
explaining in spanish about military soldiers its an old video
army soldiers in rows marching and then with a backpack in their hands.
black and white images, a soldier checks the hold of another soldier's backpacks
a number of soldiers are being inspected
soldiers in uniform marching and standing in a line.
soldiers are doing march past with gun and chief check the soldiers.
black and white shooting with soldiers preparing for a parachute jump
video of soldiers marching and then being checked.
military parade is going on and a commando checks the soldiers.
there are several chirping ducklings inside the divided cardboard box.
in a carton the chicks are kept in two cells.
a box of baby ducks being pointed at by a finger that enters from the left of the screen halfway through the clip.
baby birds are kepttogether  in a small basket
several yellow ducklings are piled up inside a box.
so many young ducks and they all are shouting
two boxes each filled with baby ducks only recently hatched.
many small chick are in the box and they are trying to escape
many duck puppies agglomerated within a carton box that contains some holes
two groups of ducklings in a box and making noise and separated by a card.
in this video a little girl wearing tops and pant was moving in the stairs
a woman hurries up a spiral staircase into the living room
a girl with white shirt and lined trouser is climbing upstairs
a person wearing pajamas is climbing a staircase as fast he can
a person in pajamas walking up the stairs of a house.
a girl is climbing up the spiral staircase very fast and is wearing striped pyjamas.
a young boy in night pant with colored vertical stripes running on the wooden stairs with black railings.
a child wearing pajamas playfully walks up a spiral staircase.
a person wearing night dress  walking on the upstairs
a person in a multi color striped pants goes up spiral stairs.
a man dressed in orange walks up to two women and puts out his arms to hug the one  in a black shirt.
the word snack super imposed over a young man walking to school.
a man with a brown hat moving forward to hug a girl.
a tv show name snack is being shown.
a man dressed in orange and grey with hat looks over a hotel.
the clip shows a man in orange shirt walking towards two girls and then saying something.
man in an orange shirt and hat greets two females with an excitement
a person in wearing orange dress and a hat is walking towards  other 2 person and the title card appears to be snack.
man in apricot shirt approaches a pair of asian women in a schoolyard.
a guy walking on the street toward two woman.
a person showing 360 degree adjustable swing arm demonstration.
someone moves around a very flexible lamp.
this is an advertisement for an adjustable lamp.
a person is moving a nice white lamp with music on background
this is a demonstration of a lamp with a 360 degree swing arm
a hand turns a white lamp in different directions
an instructional video showing key features of a lam including 360 degree turning head.
a woman is moving the head of a golden lamp
hand of a woman handling a kind of white lamp
adjustment of an already installed faucet to different angles covering 360 degrees.
a man holding a guitar sings into a microphone and raises his hand.
a person is playing guitar and singing song in mic
there are sing a song was naturally.  and also usually guitar and many other.
a famous singer sings on stage with an audience
the man is singing while holding his guitar too
drummer plays in the background while the man in front sings and plays a guitar.
a man with brown hair  is on stage playing guitar and singing .
a guy with guitar singing on stage with his troop.
a man sings into the microphone while holding a guitar
a country band is playing music as its lead singer sings without playing his guitar.
three persons are playing in sea shore
a man on the beach with two women running and playing and holding hands
there is a person who is talking over some people playing on a beach.
showing two women and a man on a beach.
in a sea shore a boy and two girls are enjoying,more people are seen in the shore.
people enjoying behind a beach in a drama.
a boy and two girls enjoying happily in the seashore.
two girls and a guy play on the beach, with background commentary about love.
a promo is running of a drama which is about to start . three people are running beside beach.
two young girls and a boy enjoying beside the sea waves.
arms of a man with black gloves, remove a socket and cables from a device.
white man's gloved arm with black shirt appears taking a wall outlet on the left side has a black wall then shows the same man showing a cooling circuit with a mini fan and a screwdriver in his hand.
a man unplugged the plug from the socket and repairing something
narration on wire and electricity with sample.
there is a man touching a plug that is connected to the wall
a man plugs out wire from socket and explains how mechanical device will be functioning
a person with unplug in switch board and he is repairing the some electric items
the man is talking about the connections.
the man with black gloves is fixing some kind of electrical problem in the house.
showing an air conditioning installation.
photographs of a bee and a bumblebee appear on the flowers
on video there are two photos of bees and bumble bees
a bee is sitting in a flower which is pink color
a photos of a honey bees and bomblebees
a pleasant voice is describing how to tell apart bumblebees and honeybees.
she is telling us the details of bees.
a honey bee sucking honey from the flower
a women is telling the difference between bumblebees and honey bees that bumblebees are much easier to spot as they are bigger than honey bees
a nice honey bee in the image and looking great.
a photo of a bumblebee and a honeybee is shown, and the host of the video stars to explain the difference between those.
a person scrapes the skin off of a piece of ginger root with a large knife on a wooden cutting board.
in a kitchen, someone is scraping ginger carefully on the desk
a man is describing how to finely scrape the skin off of ginger because it is bitter tasting.
a chef scrapes the skin off a piece of ginger root.
a man demonstrating how to peel a piece of ginger.
a person is using a knife and scraping the skin off some ginger.
a guy is preparing a meal with ginger in it.
a man is using a knife to cut up a vegetable.
a man cutting a vegetable using a knife.
the person is cutting the potatoes on the board.
a group of kids in black tees and gray slacks are dancing in front of a christmas tree.
lots of children jumping and dancing to a song .
a group of kids wearing black t-shirts are singing and dancing.
beautiful white children dancing on the floor and singing
alot of little girls  with blackd shirts, dancing and jumping
children group from girls is dancing and singing in black t-shirts
kids are joyously dancing to this little light of mine
kids singing and dancing around in a kids musical video.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
kid's are dancing in dance class room
a man in a red beret, sings and dances.
black guy sings in a music video clip
a trendily dressed guy sing a song put dancing step very modernly
young man wearing a red beret walking and singing on tables.
a man in a red hat and yellow glasses comes down from the stage dancing
the man dancing the program very well
a man with a black coat and red hat dances and jumps off the stage at the end.
a man in red cap dancing well
the singer is singing a song.
scene of a music video where he sings and dances.
on a street with a building in the background, a man runs away from a woman.
man running away from woman swinging her handbag at him.
a woman in black clothes running down the street after a man in gray clothes. then a woman appears on the sofa, with a control in her hand.
a woman holding a tv remote control and watching a tv show.
two people chase each other in the street, then a woman is sitting on a white sofa
a girl chases a guy with a broomstick and then shows a slide with detergent ads.
a women in black chasing a man in white with a broom in her hand, another woman is sitting in sofa, operating t.v remote.
a man is being chased around by a woman at full speed
a girl chasing a boys on a road to hit him running from right to left and vise versa two times
one person is chasing another in front of an apartment building
the bowl inside green color.the two hand in swibe.
a person making a craft work in the tennis ball.
a woman is taking a brown color tape and rolling it
a female hand teaches you how to shape clay
a person making a craft with a ball and a line around it.
a person's hand places a yellow ball surrounded by a white circular covering on a table, and then wraps a brownish clay covering around it.
a yellow ball is held on a white round frame and some thingis  being stuck on the outer of the frame.
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
there is a ball that has toothpicks inserted into it and then there's some rings.
one girl is doing craft using different colours of clay
a woman in a striped blouse is dismantling a compacted structure that is inside a residence
vedeo of a women taking down wood parts from a room
a woman is removing the wood work on the wall
a man dimandles the full area with his own hands.
a single young woman is taking down some wood panels in a room for a home renovation project.
a person is removing the furniture of a house
a tall, blond woman dismantling a closet that was on the wall.
a woman is demolishing cupboards in her home
a women pulling out wood ply and placing it on the floor.
a girl in purple lined shirt is constructing her room in a new and different way.
a person examines the contents of a small pouch they own.
one person is open in the purse to checking the book, charger and electronics item
a pouch contains a passport, charger and cables
a lady wearing a cream colour bracelet in her right hand is searching her passport from a pouch kept in a suitcase
a woman is searching something in his wallet.
someone gathering their smart phone charger from a suitcase.
a lady is going thru a pouch full of items.
as music plays, a person opens a wallet, holds a small booklet before setting it down, picks up other small objects, and closes the wallet.
upbeat instrumental music plays while a hand opens a small bag with many electric adapters.
a female with a scrunchie on her wrist is going through a pouch she has on hand with a notebook, a charger plugs and cord in it.
woman in formal clothes giving a talk on the ted talks stage.
a lady is standing on a stage doing a ted talk
a woman is talking on a blue and purple stage with the letters ted in red in the background.
this is the ted program.  such as a nice program.  people mostly like the program.
a speaker for ted talk telling people about a bad situation.
a woman is struggling to make an introduction for her ted talk
a women neatly dressed with headphone on stage, speaking to the audience.
a woman is speaking in a ted talk of an unpleasant situation but the audience doesn't laugh at her jokes.
a women is asking a question to the audience in a ted talk and she make a joke.
stand-up show with a girl in dark-red jacket
a person dipping potato wedges in a tomato ketchup
a person eating potato slice by dipping into the sauce
dipping fries in a sauce
a person eating delicious toasted potato wedges with sause
video of a person picking up potato wedges and dipping it in tomato ketchup
a person taking a food and putting it in the sauce.
a person eating potato wadges with tomato souse
potato wedges being dunked into a glass custard cup full of ketchup.
an advertisement for fried potatoes showing that it looks very soft.
the potato wadges is soft and fluffy and it is eaten with red sauce
a bunny is seen chewing on straw while sitting in its cage.
a rabbit is chewing away relentlessly in a cage, having the time of its life.
a man narrates and discusses the health problems of a type of rabbit.
a bunny brown rabbit is chewing the grass fast and being checked by the vet.
the cute mini lop rabbit is eating in his cage.
brown fur rabbit is eating in its cage
a rabbit eats in its cage and the narrator says rabbits dont have many health problems
a rabbir chewing grass thinking man is giving him cherry.
an advertisement for a rabbit done by a doctor who treats these rabbits.
a rabbit eating its food inside a cage while the video is related to talking about the health issues of rabbit.
a person is driving the car into the parking lot.
the man driving around to find a parking spot.
a car driver drives his car to a parking area to park.
a man is steering a car in order to park in a parking lot
some one is driving the car in rainy road
a person drives a car in through a parking lot, with two hands on the steering wheel.
a person driving in a parking lot on a rainy day.
car riding in a parking lot on a cloudy day
a person is driving his car in a parking lot
a man drive a car , he is searching a parking place
there's a lot of text and then it reveals a phone.
dash greeting happy diwali with oneplus 3 mobile
there is a black background that talks about happiness and stuff
someone is watching a phone commercial on tv
for diwali, they suggest to buy oneplus 3 mobile phone brand.
the video shows a white smartphone advertisement on a black screen background.
an ad about a new phone called oneplus 3 on a dark background.
one plus three mobiles shown and some text about happy diwali
festival wishes of a phone company with its name and logo.
a cartoon which is talking and moving to a forest
a woman feeds food to farming goats with her hands.
feeding the sheep's mouth.
a lady feeding food to the animals
two white and one brown sheep in a pen are being hand fed by a woman.
a lady feeds 2 goats which are in a shed where she feeds white goat first then a brown goat taken from a red tin
a woman in white feeding a few sheeps
woman feeding large white sheep with food from a red cup.
a woman feeding animals that are inside a pen
a couple of billy goats were being fed
two small sheeps are being fed by somebody
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a man singing while three women dances
a man singer who is singing and has two woman dancers in the act with him.
the music orchestra with dance show with the celebrities.
performance of a singer in a suit on stage with 3 girls at a dance
number of person s
a man in blue suit sings and performs on a stage.
a man in a suit sings into a microphone and dances on a stage while woman dance behind him.
a male performer is singing in a concert with female dancers around him.
a great show with great choriography, both the vocalist and the dancers at the same time as the music dances
a young man wearing black t-shirt is scribbling something on the glass pane.
a man in a black shirt moves his hand in an area then looks forward.
a young man enters a room and modifies something written on glass.
person in black outfit starts to apply a tag on a wall.
man in black blouse writing in the mirror
a guy with black dress is writing something on the glass.
a man writes something on a mirror.
a person wearing black t-shirt with white collar design is concealing the letters 'urine' written on the glass door of a toilet
a man changing the word vine written on a glass wall
a man in black shirt writing on a reflective surface.
in video a person saying like his video and subscribe his channel
there is a man talking in the screen
a youtuber is talking to his audience as he is in video betweeen two cartoon picturized men, asking for subscribers.
a man talking to the camera
man gives his outro speech in a room in an attempt to stimulate interest in his content.
a youtuber is sitting in his office chair and asking his viewers to like, subscribe and turn on notifications to his video.
a man explains and ask to subscribe to his channel with smile.
a guy is on youtube trying to get subscriptions for his video
some guy with a black t-shirt, recording himself. hopeing people liked his channel, and asking for viewers to subscribe to his channel.
a man promoting his youtube channel asking viewers to like, subscribe, and lick a bell to see released videos.
a female talks about how smooth and silky the ink flows from her pen.
an advertisement for uni ball pens that shows how nice the pens write.
a ballpoint pen show off video with penmanship.
there is a person doing a lot of writing with a pen
a person writes with a pen as a white and black pen is held with both hands.
an advertisement for jetpens, talking about how their gel pens are easy and smooth to write with and then showing they also have ballpoint pens if you prefer those.
a woman describes a pen as hands write words with the pen in black ink.
the person is writing on the page there.
a woman's hand is shown writing with a gel point pen explaining why it is best.
a woman talks about a pen, while someone is writing shortly before holding the pen.
the group sings the song on the lake
a lady is singing and a man playing keyboard and women in white dress is playing violin near the seashore.
women with dresses on standing on the water on the left side a woman with sitting in white dress playing the cello and on the right a man with dark hair with a white shirt and a toothpick playing the keyboard
two women are signing and two persons are playing music in sea shore for album.
a group of 4 people on beach with three girls and a man in which two girls are singing a beautiful song and one girl and boy are playing their instruments in very melodious way
there are two ladies in dresses and they are singing and there are some other people playing instruments.
two ladies are standing and singing a song when man and woman playing music in the water
musical group performing by the sea in cloudy weather.
band members are performing their song in the water.
girls dressed in blue and white with a pianist are singing and playing on the seashore
a cartoon clip showing a chaarcter showing his anger with another character
the older fryman is talking to the other frymans.
cartoon passed on cartoon network.
cartoon network program's character speaks something and the other character listening with a bird
an animated man is talking while the other person is using mobile phone.
a cook speaking to a colleague while another cook uses his phone in the background.
a man in his white kitchen rob talking to his son about their family status.
a man is upset and complaints about a problem with his friend.
a chef in the cartoon with yellow hat and white apron on.
a big man is saying something in the video
an actress playing evil character in a film.
a woman with green color dress with wings and horn
a girl with green in colour and back in wings and she is seeing the upstairs
a young woman dressed green having wings and two horns looking towards us.
a pale woman with red lips, wings, and two horns on her head looks back and then up.
a woman wearing a bat costume is looking at the camera
there is music playing and a woman with horns and wings is looking at the camera.
angelina jolie is observed as the devil as she stares piercingly into the sky.
a woman having horn on her head and wings in her shoulder who is looking something
a woman with dark hair and white skin, has black horns and wings, has her back and slowly turns around.
a police car parked on the side of the street drives away as text displays information about the recent death of a chinese ambassador.
a white car slowly pulls off from it's parking spot.
the police car is pulling away from the house.
two police cars in front of a building, with a man outside in a yellow vest wearing a face mask.
there is a police  leaving the parking spot and a police in back.
a police car drives off a curb and onto the street.
police car moves and gets to going to somewhere else
a police car is trying to extract itself from a parking space in front of a building.
a white car drives away from a white building with black wrought iron gate.
a police vehicle pulls away from the curb.
a computer and it shows how to hide a task bar and desktop icon
a clip about how to work on computer settings.
a clear virtual guide for hiding task bar explaining on desktop.
a screen recording of desktop is playing with the text on it
tutorial on how to hide the toolbar and desktop icons with chill instrumental music in the background.
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
green plant is shown as a desktop image of a computer. the user amends minor edits on the photo.
there is an information about system display , desktop icons and settings
tutorial of hiding taskbar in a windows 10 desktop.
a virtual guide to how to hide desktop icons
a large group of ducks flowing onto a big river and a few men on boats.
two men in a canoe follow a group of birds in a river.
a man films three people in boats herding a huge amound of ducks on a river.
some people in canoes swimming with many fish
three men, each in their own canoe, are herding ducks.
some people on a big ship are getting amazed of watching some boats on which man are hunting ducks.
hundreds of ducks floating on a river with three men in different canoes holding oars going after them.
persons enjoy seeing ducks formation in water
men in boats chase birds down a muddy river
man on boats scare several ducks into a lake with boats and oars
a women shows differet model and designs of sandals
a person is modeling different types of high heels while the word step by step is displayed
a couple of women's feet are parading before the screen wearing different heels and showcasing the proper way to walk in them.
girls with different types of high heels walking back and forth.
girls are showing sandals walking and the titles appeared
advertisement of different ladies walking with high heels.
various women in colorful high heels parade around a concrete floor before teaching you how to walk in heels.
how to walk in heels by teaching step by step brand
there are some women modeling shoes.
video with some nice shoes and some not nice
a man is driving a honda car in a road.
driving car give instruction how to drive car.
some one is driving the car and took a turning
a man drives a honda car on a highway
a person in black drives a car with a black interior.
this video show that drive the car in road
a man is driving on the highway on honda car
a man inside a car tests it
demonstration of the practicality of driving a honda, apart from all its quality in finish and internal comfort
a man is taking a test drive .
a man describes how to work with wood to create flooring.
home making for this video and arrange the all good making for home.
there is a man fixing the floor of the building
a guy explains how to put a wooden floor on the floor
a person depicts how to lay hardwood on the floor of a building with background commentary.
a man is joining the boards together .
a carpenter joining ply wood by using drill machine.
a man installing light brown hard wood flooring in a room.
a person is doing carpenter work and fitting a wood in the table with a hammer
a person in a reddish type shirt is telling that how the boards can be at perfect lines with the grooves facing each other.
the warriors are fightly with futuristic weapons.
people are attacking each other with huge weapons.
fight scene of captain america and an alien, rapid action and heroic music
a scene from the avengers movie with captain america and the black widow.
someone is watching a video of people fighting.
captain america along with black widow fighting enemies inside a building
few people dressed up in special costumes are fighting with special weapons on the street.
a fight between a hero and an enemy on the street
captain america and black widow detonating the villain in the fight with great blows on ultimatum vigadores
some people fight with a weapon
an instructional video features a young man with a goatee rubbing a credit card across the shaven areas of his face and neck.
man using beard comb
a man is shaving his beard inside  a room
a  demo for using the instrument to shave. that man looks handsome.
a man runs the edge of a credit card across his shaven cheek, and then his chin, first in one direction and then another.
a man is grooming his goatee in a mirror.
a man using an object to shave different parts of his beard.
a person is shaving their face and using a mirror as a guide.
man looking at himself in the mirror while shaving with a unique device.
some guy is  shaving his beard using his newly bot equipment
a male voice talking about the causalities of soldiers in a war.
number of soldiers dead body lying on the battle ground
some military persons are died in snow fall
many corpses piled next to each other on the snow
a narrator talking about soldiers that died, showing some lying in the snow.
a man is describing a historical image of dead bodies.
a group of people lay on the ground next to some crosses.
a documentary about a large group of people who froze to death showing bodies on the ground in the snow.
historical images of dead bodies on the snow covered ground.
bodies of several people killed on the ground with some tomb crosses
there are two different computer monitors on display.
a big tv screen showing some high buildings and then a smaller one
a desktop home screen with multiple apps and  a default background.
computer moniter shows different types of screen saver
various high-end monitors are shown, as monitor expert is about to share his opinion on them.
tv screen buildings is seeing
a large television set in a white room and a lenovo computer
the desktop is full of pictures and good pictures.
there is a nice picture of how the person is making a screen on the windows screen
a video about a person showing television
a person in black is playing violin beautifully.
man is playing a violin in the bushes. the sun is shining on him.
a man is playing piano in green fields
a men playing violin near the grass in outdoor
a man in a suit jacket plays the violin in a grassy area.
a man with grey suit standing in a grassland is playing a violin.
a man in a suit plays lively music on a violin while in the countryside surrounded by tall grass.
man with black hair and a dark gray suit playing violin at the grasslands
a person playing a tune with the violin
very interest in the man music voile....
an advertisement for a 27 display with full resolution and full color capability.
the view is zooming out from a nice, new, large computer desktop monitor.
a computer is on a desk, and as the shot pans out we can see a keyboard and mouse also.
a desktop computer, with screen, monitor, mouse and keyboard.
desktop personal computer with wireless mouse and keyboard.
a person is giving the key specifications ofa monitor model that he is reviewing.
a colorful computer monitor is on display with a mouse and keyboard in front.
a person talks about a computer monitor and all its specs.
a computer monitor appears and is probably part of an advertisement and a man says his specifics.
there is a desktop with 74% screen to body ratio and full hd with 1920Ã—1080 resolution
snail creeping slowly along a tree trunk
a large snail with a brown shell slowly climbing a rock.
a big snail moving around the plant
a woman narrating about snails that glides slowly over the vegetation.
a snail is walking up the bark of the tree.
a snail moves slowly and getting to things.
in the video shows in detail a slug walking on the plants
a snail moving on the bark of a tree
a woman voice narrating the way a snail moves itself
a snail slowly crawls over a piece of wood.
its a gun to shoot the enimies like it the games shown
a gamer is carrying a gun in the game and changing bullets while he goes.
a gun shooting in the video game playing
a game play of a battle online game with guns
an animated game where a gun is going around all the rooms and shooting
a screen recording of a game is playing with a gun
a boy is playing a game on the computer
a boy is playing call of duty where he performs some kills and get hit
a man moving and shoot with his gun
a video game character is storming around in an environment, intent at murdering almost anything that moves.
a dolphin attacking a duck in the water
a shark catches a seafaring bird in its jaws.
a shark swiimming in the ocean and then it eats a duck.
a shark, described as unpredictable and extremely aggressive, swims rapidly toward waterfowl and overtakes it.
a shark attacks a water fowl from underwater.
a great white shark attacks an unsuspecting light-mantled sooty albatross underwater.
someone is talking about a shark in the water.
an aggressive duck attacks another duck in the ocean.
a water bird is eaten unexpectedly by a shark while a man narrates.
a water fowl is floating in water before it is attacked.
a man shoot with his firearm in a war
soldiers in gray uniform scream and run away from the building with citizens
the buildings gt fired and the people are getting out and crying
a soldier yelling at someone as others start rushing in
a angry man ready to shoot the gun, other peoples are run and shouted
a soldier hold the gun and shouted and the others ran away with him
the man fire a bullet from his riffle other people starts shouting and starts running there is fire on some places can be seen
soldiers are shooting through a window. war scene about the stalingrad battle.
some soldiers are fighting bravely to save th life of people
russian soldiers shouting during a war action and then running away.
a man voices over as money is being engraved with a metal press.
a machine do the task like printing some content with the easy manner, peoples may said after using it that's it??
notes being made on a plate that looks like glass
you will understant how machine prints notes
the machine function is working and he explained thats it.
a machine is printing what appears to be bank notes.
a machine is printing money and engraving the patterns on it.
there is printing money and a person telling about money printing machine.
the machine is printing money in the printing room
a printing machine working continuously in a room
a military honor guard solemnly stands by to greet a dignitary.
the the us marines are standing at attention waitting for the leader pull up.
there are a bunch of soilders and then a car pulls up.
a group of soldiers stand in attention awaiting the arrival of a black car.
soldiers in dress uniforms come to attention as a car pulls up.
military officers are standing at attention outside as a vehicle pulls up near them.
there is a marine standing next to another person
various military officials stand at attention as a car comes into view.
members of the military stand at attention as a black car pulls up to the curb.
the people are all standing outside guarding the building.
a woman talking about make up and doing another's woman make up
a red haired girl and a blonde pale man apply makeup to his face.
person putting on makeup and another person being put on with a white tone
a red-headed woman is helping a blond man with applying makeup.
a lady is applying make up to another person
a woman is putting makeup on another woman, the makeup artist is explaining what color will put
women is teaching about make up to another women and also put make up on her face
a red hair woman is painting in white the face of another person.
a beautician  is getting a girl ready by doing a makeup
a person is applying make-up unto another person, who is wearing a pink bath-robe.
a man speak with someone through the headphone with smile
a man in a black shirt and beard, sitting, making obiscene gestures with his hand towards his mouth.
a man in big black headphones with a beard says something into the microphone in front of him
a man sitting by a microphone talking about shaving.
a man in front of a webcam talking and gesturing while sitting in his room.
a  person with block tshirt speaking video call
a man with a beard and a black shirt speaks to another person through a camera.
a man talks about the process of eating with a beard
he is describing about food and how it was strucked into his mouth
a person in black tshirt and headphones is speaking in a mic
singer making an oriental clip in a supermarket holding bananas.
a young boy is dancing holding a bunch of bananas.
the japanese boy in black clothes and white stripes is singing a song and holding bananas.
an asian boy singing with bananas in his hand inside supermarket
a man dances with a bunch of bananas and performs some hand action
man with oriental appearance using a suit singing inside a supermarket
banana explain to the boy in shopping mall.the girl refrigerators had be seen
a man is holding banana and singing a song
a guy with stripy suit is talking in the shop while holding a bunch of bananas.
a man hold the banana in his hand in a supermarket
man asks everyone to remain calm but no one cares to what he says
a group of guys are standing there then started to shout and fight.
writh  the main power..fighting
a lot of teen boys charge to fight someone.
the group of persons are standing calm and suddenly starting to run.
a group of angry young man is shouting.
group of mens rushing to catch something
a teenager invites his comrades to stay calm but another has ruined everything and the group has advanced towards
a group of young men start a riot.
there are a group of boys that shout and then start to run
the video shows how nature can surprise us with incredible scenery
commenting on phenomenon in the water.
a man with black sunglasses shows a grey bubbling pond.
an active thermal area is shown. bubbles and heat vapor is seen.
a bold guy with green top and sunglasses is talking to a camera while standing beside the bubbling volcano.
grey bubbling hot spring pit being viewed by tourists.
a bald man showing a muddy water spring near a volcano
gray bubbling water, possibly volcanic in nature, with a man in a green shirt and black sunglasses describing the organisms that live in the water.
there is a man looking a volcanic water in the soil
a blade guy with black glasses stands near a oozing water and talking while a blue dress lady stares at the oozing water.
from inside a hole in a tree a squirrel is going in and out
squirrel climbs out of the hollow and comes back
shows a squirrel in its natural habitat.
squirriel is coming out from the drey and again entering into the drey
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
some squirrels came out from the tree and climbing
squirrel leaving its hole and returning to its hole.
a squirrel is coming out of the hollow hole in a tree and scrambling around.
a squirrel in forest is coming out from a tree hole for searching some thing else.
squirrels playing by coming and going in and out of the hole in a tree
pack of wolfs are mersilesly chasing an animal looks like wild bison
three wolves chasing a large animal, hunting it in the savanna
a herd of cheetah chase after a buffalo that runs away.
a pack of wolves chase and bring down a huge bison.
a pack of wolves is chasing, then tackles, some type of buffalo in a desert-like wilderness.
two wild dogs are chasing a bison. bison falls to ground as dogs attacks on it
an animated video of wolves chasing a wild buffalo.
a pack of wolves are hunting down a buffalo.
several wolves expel hyenas that are in their natural habitat. a man recounts the act
computerized scene of wolves on the hunt at national geographic
a man explaining how to search and download a particular music track through a video.
an internet site with a few pages showing, including a page showing the flag of several countries.
a person is giving a demo of the website
a man talks through finding a link on a website.
a man describes how to navigate a shopping website
the narrator was giving a lesson on using the website.
it's a tutorial for a website on internate to explain its working
download inspire you wont forget the expierence.
on a computer someone is browsing between websites and choosing music
a man is describing what to do on a music streaming site after the song is listened to in youtube.
jeep car and a person holding a car part
a how to video on replacing a part on a vehicle.
there is guy talking about a car parts that comes with every thing.
men showing the parts of black car
a man films his jeep car and explains a little about a car part that is in his hands
the men is explain to part of the material in car
some scrap that one person is about to install in a jeep car
he is saying about car spare parts to the owner that the new parts include everything. you just not have to transfer anything from the old one.
a guy is explainig about a part of a car infront of a parked jeep
a close up of a chrome car part, apparently belonging to a jeep.
a group of music troop enjoys there performance in the stage.
a band with three guys standing in the front playing guitar and other on the back playing other instrument.
a musical team of people singing a song
a band group is singing playing guitar on the stage.
a music group plays a music like guitar, piano, in front of the mike
in the music concert 4 persons playing guitar by standing and a old man sitting near to them.
a band of four men dressed like cowboybs are singing on stage
a group of old guys singing with guitars.
a group of band on stage is playing music and singing
some people singing while playing guitar
a woman in a black dress doing exercise in a mat
showing a woman's performance on the trampoline.
an athlete is busy practising her jump in a indoor stadium
a man narrates a video of a blond woman jumping.
one girl jumping and exercise in videos
an athlete trains by jumping
a girl with black clothes are is doing a back flip on the large trampoline.
a lady performing on trampoline and the voice explaining how to do a perfect jump.
an athlete is practicing gymnastics in the practice room
a girl take a practice on long jump on the net
a  man wearing white t shirt is playing guitar
a person is playing a guitar beautifully
a man wearing jeans and tshirt is playing a black guitar
a man in a gray shirt plays a black and white guitar.
young man plays black and white guitar in front of a blue colored wall.
hands playing an electric guitar with energetic music
the young man plays an animated rock on his guitar.
a man in a t-shirt playing the guitar.
a guy is playing the guitar along with the music
a man in white tear hanging his guitar and playing music
a woman teaches how to disassemble a baby stroller
how to close baby carrying vehicles that explain the women.
a fat women in green tshirt showing demo of a folding baby wheel chair in the green lawn.
a woman is folding a foldable chair
a women in a light green t-shirt stands outside by the road and folds a large pushchair.
in the garden a women in skyblue, showing 'how to fold baby stroller?'
a lady is standing outside demonstrating how to fold up a stroller.
a lady is folding the baby stroller in a lawn
a female is demonstrating on how to fold a baby trolley.
a woman in the garden closing a stroller
sun light slowly shown in the sky making light
scene from a film showing the sky with many clouds and a great light
the sky with glowing sun and rich clouds.
the narrator says that he has seen the depth of space
a red sky with a bright sun overlooking everything
showing a scene where there is a flash in the sky.
blue and red skies and many moving clouds.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
shows the immensity of space and the earth's atmosphere
the narrator is talking about space while a light is getting brighter over red and pink-coloured cloud formations.
a late night television host stands with his guest.
a tv presenter praises his guest
bill murray is dressed up in fairy tale outfit in a late night show. bill murray hugs the host of the show, audience applauds.
two mens celebrating in the party with baloons background and applause noise.
david letterman is introducing  the great bill murray.
posting order celebrate in conforance hall meeting
two persons are celebrate on stage by hugging each other
two men being covered in confetti and balloons with people cheering.
a man wearing a white suit celebrates with a show host as balloons and confetti rain down.
bill murry is on a big talk show on live tv.
a man in a pinstripe blazer sings while sitting on the hood of a car.
a man is singing in a music video.
this man is singing about looking under and breaking rocks.
a music video jason derulo singing about a girl
an ad by colin something and others is shown.
a music video by colin tilley, a guy sings with country music in the background, cutting away to his face and a girl's face.
there is a man singing and there is a lot of black and white footage.
a black and white scene featuring water and a woman with a cowboy hat plays as music plays in the background.
a black man sits on a car outside of an expensive looking house and images of the beach and a woman flash by.
jason derulo sings while sitting on the back of a car while wearing a suit in a country setting.
two men are parachuting and a narrator explains what is going on.
multiple individuals in colorful outfits are skydiving in formation.
a man goes skydiving and really enjoys it a lot
the person is flying in the sky with another person.
there are a bunch people who are sky diving out of a plane.
2 people skydiving and doing flips in air.
persons are doing sky diving and  a person is telling about sky divers difficulties
several people wearing red, yellow and green jackets fall through the air.
various people are seen high above the ground skydiving.
a man in green and a man in yellow, are skydiving together.
two dogs are wearing pieces of watermelon as helmets. one dog has sunglasses, the other is sleeping nearby.
two dogs with half a watermelon on each head simulating a hat and one of them still wears sunglasses
there is a dog wearing sunglasses and hat
a couple dogs, wearing watermelons caps and one of them sun glasses
the puppy looking funny and wear cooling glass.
dogs are parked under melons. one of the dogs is asleep, while the other one is wearing a sunglass. a woman finds the scene funny.
a dog wearing a watermelon cap and spectacle
a white dog with a watermelon cap is laying on the ground next to another white dog that also has a watermelon cap and sunglasses on.
two dogs are decorated with watermelon top pieces as a hat and one of them wearing sun glass too.
a dog is looking stylish by wearing on cooling glass
a man is describing the different outfits that he is trying on while playing a video game.
a man was changes for dress in suddenly.
a man is describing the clothing on a virtual character and scrolling through different clothing options.
a virtual character is being changed into different outfits.
the game character is changing his dress in the game and the streamer is talking about it.
a screen recording of a game is playing and the character is changing the dresses
a guy with colourful top then changed into a camouflage colour top in a game.
a person changing the cloths and shows different styles
ths is the cartton network shows the man to wear dresssing choosing
a person change the dress in cloth store for video game character
a man singing in front of an audience on a lighted stage during a tv show.
amazing guitar country player singing don't close your eyes in the voice
a man singing on stage at the voice.
the singer in this contest has a very nice voice.
a singer performs on a colorful stage while a lot of people are watching it.
a man sings on a tv show for four jurors who have their backs to him.
a man singing a song in the the voice tv show
four people are performing art on the stage
performance of a young singer on a talent show in front of four judge chairs
a man on a stage with many blue lights, the man has a guitar in his hand and is singing in front of four people sitting in red chairs.
a blonde girl is in her room with smudged lipstick while an earthquake makes everything jump and move.
a young lady wearing pink dress getting fear and moving in the room with lipstick
blond girl in a room experiences an earthquake. items fall down.
a girl in inside the room and earth quake coming the room and she is sacked
huge type of earth quake inside the hose girl locked down not to escape
blond woman at home putting on makeup in the middle of an earthquake.
a house is shaking and a girl is scared of it.
a blonde lady with red mark on her face shakes as the entire place shook.
a blonde girl is inside her house when an earthquake arrives
there is an earthquake and a girl is inside the room shake everything
the man explain how to solve the problem in a car mechanism
a man is talking while pointing into a car's engine and touching various parts.
a man showing how to fix a vehicle by removing certain components.
a man try to fix a machine and describes how to do it.
a person checking in car engine
the man is showing about car parts.
there is a person in a blue shirt who is trying to fix a car.
a person checks under the hood of a car.
a person is explaining about the car engine
the man shows the interior  parts of car.
mama and woman sitting at table woman is touching man on the shoulder.
a man instructing a woman where he wants her to put her hand
a man and a woman talk in a public place
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
a man and a woman in winter clothes sitting at a table talking.
a guy is talking to a girl staring at him.
a bearded guy talking to a woman with glasses.
a man and a woman talk at a table in a cafeteria, the woman touches his shoulder
a person is talking to a women in a coffee shop.
the person talk to her girlfriend in the coffee shop
a spider jumps into an another leaf
the spider flying one tree to another tree.
a spider jumps out of a leaf to another plant.
video showing how far a spider like it can jump.
a spider takes a flight from one plant to another.
a spider performs an epic leap across leaves in the forest.
a spider is jumping from one branch to another
showing the exact time the jump of the spider.
a small wild spider makes an impressive leap from the leaf it was on to another branch
a study of an insect able to leap up to 50 times own body limbs.
female voice describes the after effects of a disposable white and yellow single blade razor versus gray and yellow multiple blade razor.
a razor is being broken down in an informational manner against a pink background.
a yellow and silver razor against a purple screen and a womans voice narrating the description of the razor and why you should use it.
a disposable razor is shown to be kinder on your skin than a razor with more blades.
there is a woman talking about razor and shaving.
a person describing what might be differences between different types of razor blades.
a woman describing different razors and when to use them.
a woman is speaking about different kinds of shaving razors.
a fancy yellow razor is shown then replaced with a cheap disposable one.
a better blade with a new cool feel and burn free. beauty does not have to be painfull.
an automatic machine printing some text in green and black and a boy sitting in front.
there is a screen saying welcome hype tech.
an animated welcome opening for a tech company video
a video playing the welcome happy tech
a typewriting machine just move back and forth and prints welcome in green color and hype tech in black color.
publicidade de empresa que trabalha com artigos de impressÃµes digitais
man talking about best home printers. printer ribbon going back and forth.
printer head movements and then the inscription welcome
a printer which prints a series of words on a white material.
there someone is talking about high tech.
a war plane is showing us how to make a perfect landing.
the aeroplane is landing on the ground slowly.
the video shows a plane landing, multiple people, and other planes on the same landing track
a super-fast war jet presentation landing on a platform.
people watching a fighter plane landing on the base.
a fighter plane is landing slowly on the runway while the crew on the ground watches.
an air craft land on the ground very fastly
a small aircraft landing slowly on an airfield with other aircraft parked and a few people watching.
military aircraft approaches and makes a successful landing on a ship at sea
some guy is explaining about a jet when it is landing on the helipad
green fields are shown and a person is touching the soil with his hands and saying something
a farmer and a harvester are on a farm harvesting crops.
it is natural place wonderful air
ploughing an agricultural land and showing the land after farming
black sand hand shake in field
a person hand in the soil and the large area of soil
a farmer plucking some soil from his hand
a documentary showing the lifestyle of a farmer and the job he has of feeding and taking care of their weeds.
a farmer feeling the texture of the soil and a machine driving through a farm.
a person is playing with mud in a wide green area
a women is talking on screen about doing something .
a woman detail explaining move the two monitor picture
a girl stand before a two monitors said something
a woman wearing a pink shirt in front of her computer talking to the camera
young woman with two computer monitors showing her desktop.
a girl with long dark hair in a striped t-shirt in front of two screens talks about the process
a woman invites to see a video demonstration.
beautiful lady try to teach something on computer
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
woman introduces her audience into the joys and challenges of streaming.
someone is driving a blue car on the highway with dense trees on one side while another red car passes next to him
many colour cars like black, red are running on road
there is a black car moving on the road
a guy driving black colored car in a busy crowded road.
this car driver drive a car in road
an individual traveling on a 3 lane highway in the middle lane sees a black suv in front of them in the right lane as a red car passes them in the left lane.
someone is driving a car behind the other cars.
through the view of a moving vehicle, cars travel along a highway.
dash cam video of a red and black car on a busy road.
cars are driving fast on the highway and someone is filming it from their own car
an old black and white video of paratroopers and an old man at the end talking (probably a veteran of the war)
lord talking about skydiving the day they jumped.
in black and white image several skydivers are falling from the sky
the old man describe how his experience of landing a para-ship
a man in t-shirt wearing eyeglasses is explaining how to jump a parachute as so many people are seen para jumping.
many peoples were doing ski diving and an old man shares his experience
a crew of parachute rider are flewing in a sky and returning to ground level followed by a rider shares his experience
person is speaking about the sky driving to the peoples
black and white images of an aquarium
number of people seems to be coming down together using parachute
a man gave hand to a woman and she was lifted while back ground song is playing
indian couple on a railway bridge in a large rural field.
the green fields and railway bridge is at the background of this song.
musical video with a guy meeting a beatiful girl and singing
a movie song in the railway track over the bridge with a hero and heroine.
a man in brown and a girl in pink sing a song in a railway bridge.
a man and a woman are singing a song and dancing
a punjabi movie song a man and a woman standing on the bridge
a very elegant man walking towards a beautiful woman who is leaning against a bridge, he calls him to dance
man in ornamentic shirt convinces his lover to not to throw herself into the depths from a bridge.
a man in a white t-shirt is shaving his head.
a man shaving his head with clippers.
a man is shaving his head, and then promptly turns around and walks away.
a man looking in the mirror shaving his head with an electric razor.
a man using an electric clipper to barb his hair
a guy is buzz shaving his hair bald and talking into a camera.
a person with white t shirt is shaving his head and removed his all hairs but forget to remove hairs on his back of the head
a man shaves his head but misses several spots on top and in back.
a man is shaving his head and commenting on how his haircut is not one of his problems.
the man cuts his hair with clippers and leaves a patch of hair in the back of his head.
a person take a food in the spoon
a person prepares some goodies with cinnamon.
man is explaining about one dish in that beaf cinnaman is there
a person carefully mixing burrito ingredients together in a pita bread.
man talking while eating an apparently tasty food plate
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
some person eating the food with in spoon
a guy mixing some eatables with spoon.
a person picking up food with a spoon
a hand holds a plate of food as the other hand digs a spoon through the food.
an african-american woman with light brown hair is wearing a lime green blouse and presenting a tv show.
a lady explains about the couple dancing and dancing around.
tv show hostess in green dress announces what the next segment of the program will be about.
a woman in a green shirt presents a program and a couple appears shortly thereafter.
mulatto woman with green blouse and black skirt sitting on a brown armchair behind a city image with a blue cup on a wooden table holding an object that she stretches next to two couples divided on a screen in the middle a brunette dressed in red dress accompanied by a dark-haired man in a red blouse and another blonde woman in a black dress accompanied by a white man with dark hair
a woman wearing green dress is speaking and then two couples appeared
presenter of a television program using a green blouse speaking before the announcement of the double winner of a dispute
a chat show is going on .a women is talking to two participants.
we have an african-american television presenter watching an award
a green dressing women sit in the chair and talking
a woman is narrating while the image of a subscribe board is presented on screen.
a lady is requesting to subscribe their video.
subscribe to familia diamond with a ringing notification bell icon on the side
showing a table with lettering subscribe to familia diamond
an advertisement to subscribe to a certain channel
the end of a video when you are encouraged to subscribe to familia diamond.
subscribe to familia diamond announcement board
there is a sign asking to subscribe to the channel and a diamond drawn on it.
there is a female voice that talks about a subscriber board.
a poster board asking to subscibe is seen while a voice talks about it.
underground water scene with various kinds of fishes, some small and small a bit bigger.
dark marine environment with several fish and schools swimming among sea rocks.
there is a group of fishes are moving under the sea
small types of fishes were escaping from shark
so many fishes swims in seawater
the under the sea fish movement in the night.the netflix in post.
a huge numbers of fishes are swimming under the water near the coral reefs.
seabed presented in the middle of several large and small fish.
this video is under ground water to see the fish.
the school of fish in the sea
several cows next to each other and one of them is black with white signs that it scratches the breast of another cow around a green pasture
a herd of cows, where one is licking the other
a group of cows in which one is one is making sound
many black and white cows appears over a grass field.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
a herd of cows on a farm mooing is displayed. the cows fur is a mixture of black and white.
cow licking another one while grazing in the field
one sweet cow licks another
the cow is mooing and scratching its head on other cow.
a group of cows were be kept in same place in a green grassland.
an interface of a website called youtubered being shown slowly
a men is explaining about his youtube channel that every video can download and watch in his channel
a guy on wwe talking to the crowd about himself
there is an information about you tube red
youtube red website that allowd you to download and watch videos according to the commentator.
a black advertisement of the platform youtube red appears.
black background with a message in white letters passing on the screen.
he is telling us how to download his youtube videos.
by pressing red button we can download the videos from youtube app
youtube red advantages and features are explained by a man and slideshow.
small stretch from a film where the character appears in a free fall
the scene of movie spiderman
spider man in red and blue colored dress is landing down from the huge distance .
spider man falls down in to the city from high sky.
spiderman saving the world from destruction.
spiderman falls from the sky and shoots a web.
some guy is singing for super boy tv series  and he is wearing green mask and cape
spiderman is freefalling down to earth, buildings in the city are seen below him.
a spiderman jumbing from the top of the building
a spider logo appears before spiderman comes into view, falling to the earth.
outside there are two police officers with a vehicle.
policemen are guarding an area beside a police truck, in front of a brick wall. the area is sealed by police tape.
two policemen putting on a yellow do not pass
the police officers are investigating about an incident and the investigation reports are shown in the t.v news channel.
two policemen wearing uniforms and sunglasses are walking behind a car parked in a spot isolated by yellow tape.
two policemans next to a car near a restricted area
policeman stand in front of a crime scene near their vehicle.
two police officers are seen in a crime scene behind a black suv.
two person in black colour dress moving from that place
there's a black suv with two police officers standing by it and talking, one wearing sunglasses, and yellow police tape marking off an area behind them.
a family of crying women meeting a celebrity.
a mother talking to her daughters on a busy city road.
a very excited woman and girls embrace on the street
a simple hug made makes all the difference, and no matter the place
in this video we can see some girls crying and a woman talking about justin bieber
a mother with her three side is standing in the steet.
a lady is hugging one of the three children standing in the busy street.
girls crying in the street while a woman comforts them.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a tall lady say good bye to her friends by hugging them.
a car is moving towards a tornado ahead as traffic zooms passed, a horn is blasted and the passengers begin talking as their windscreen reveals a fracture.
the video is showing fire and it is being shooted from car.
storm chasers are shooting a video of a tornado crossing the road in front of them.
there is a smoky area and a car is stopped and moving the wiper
a person in a car with a broken windshield drives towards a tornado.
a big storm was recorded with two men from a car while travelling in a bad weather.
person driving a car near to the large smoke in open area, to analyse the situation.
passengers of a car are filming an explosion in the near distance. the windshield of the car is broken.
a car moving on a road .there's alot of smoke besides the road.
there is a large dark storm cloud that is near the road.
a young boy in stands on an outdoor wood deck in pink rain boots, black sweatpants, and a black sweatshirt attempts to pick up a jack-o-lantern that is soggy and rotting.
small child pushing around a soggy pumpkin on the back porch of a house.
a child dressed in black clothes with a red boot tries to handle a pumpkin while in the background a man speaks
child in pink boots stands with pumpkin lantern
a boy is playing in a house veranda with a pumpkin like vegitable and talking with a person about it.
a little boy is playing with pumpkin
a man is talking to a child and they both touch a pumpkin with their boots. the pumpkin is orange.
a little boy trying to push a broken pumpkin fruit with his leg.
a man and a small boy standing on a balcony and talking about a vegetable like toy
a boy is trying to lift a big vegetable in his house
a man driving a very small bike in a parking place
riding around in the parking lot, there's a biker boy riding an orange motor bike.
a yellow-helmeted man drives a child-sized motorbike in a parkinglot.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man wearing blue jacket is riding a small bike
a kid riding in a kids motorcycle in the middle of a parking lot
a man on a tiny motorcycle zips up his blue jacket then drives away with his legs extended behind him into a parking lot.
a man is driving a very small red motorcycle
a person in blue colour t.shirt and yellow colour helmetriding a small bike
a person in a mini motorbicicle  driving to the left
two horse in the stables.
a horse is lick or biting around the tail area of another horse through a fence.
it s look like in the farm, there is two horses, the mommy and the baby horse.the baby horses try to play with  mommy from the tail.
a horse with a star cover biting another horses tail.
a donkey covered with a stars blanket is licking the tail of a horse in a mud farm.
a male horse is caressing a female horse under a tree.
a horse wearing a cover bites at another horses tail.
the horse wearing the blanket is sniffing the other horse tail.
small horse eating in mother horse hair
a horse with a blanket on its back is licking another horses rump through the fence.
there is a women in red who is afraid of something in the picture
a woman in a red dress, her arm in a sling, speeks what sounds like one of the filopeno languages to a male in a suit and a man in a bullet proof vest.
2 women and a  2 men talking dramatically.
the man is standing next to the woman as she screams.
woman wearing a red dress and white arm sling talks to a man wearing a black suit with a red tie.
she was with fractured hand and neck speak with coated men with pain and with her companion
four people are standing around and talking in a room with a table.
a woman stands up and starts speaking to a man in a black suit with a red tie.
someone is watching a televison show with a girl with a broken arm.
a woman in an arm cast and neck brace speaks to a man in a suit.
a person is coloring with pencils.
a person is drawing and coloring the picture that he has drawn in a paper.
a person drawing a nice picture full of colors
a person is coloring the art
a girl has drawn an art and she is coloring it
a person is coloring in a drawing with colored pencils.
a person is making a drawing picture with pencil
fast camera pictures of like a girl painting a drawing
a little person is coloring a coloring page using different colors, they've already used blue.
they coloured the picture carefully
a women is counting the pen and putting in to the box.
there are many pens put on the table and a women count them, collect them or packing in a white box.
a person counting and packaging in a box yellow pens
a man wearing black top and a black bracelet in his left hand is counting yellow coloured pens and packaging them.
there is large number of pens are ready to write and packaging is going on
a woman is sorting out the yellow ball pens for packaging.
a person is collecting the required amount of yellow/black pens into a plastic bag. narration explains what is shown.
a lady counting and separating writing pens into packets.
a person checking the quality of factory made pens and packing it for shipping
woman rapping the number of the pens in the box
he's scat board very well and easy to handle the scatting.
a man is practicing to move with the kick scooter in a room
a man wearing blue jeans and black shoes riding in a skateboard.
a man is performing some skating tricks on skate board.
a man in black pent is doind some stunt on the skate board
a person rides around on a skateboard as another person speaks.
a man with black sneakers demonstrating skate boarding techniques.
a men with black pants use a sky board and show us some trucks how to ride it.he looks like he recorded video
a skateboarder in black pants and black shoes glides across a concrete floor.
skateboarder is in preparation to teach everybody a skateboard trick.
we can see three white people practicing the art of dancing
three people are dancing to music in some sort of gym.
two men a lady is practicing dance in a hall.
three teens are dancing with the active music - one girl bedut and two boys bago and franky
dance class with three people, two men and 1 woman
at a dance academy, two men and a little girl practice choreography
the dancing practice program is very beauty.
three people are dancing with the music.
a girl and two boys are dancing on a song
there is a woman with a man on each side of her dancing in a dance studio to music.
an image of shaina twain zooming towards with some captions in it.
a male and female smiling to the camera.
a beautiful couple happily posing to the camera
a song playing with a picture of a man and a woman
a women expresses her love for husband by laying in his shoulder.
the photo of a couple embracing slowly appearing close up
actor and actress are holding up together to get photos
story about two beautiful couple
the video showing a couples marriage video  and they look so happy in the video
a slow zoom pan of a photo of shania twain hugging a gentleman with a caption at the bottom talking about her bizarre relationship with her husband and best friend.
a doctor and the other person are treating an emergency patient.
doctor teaching his trainee student on operation
a nurse ready to give ampu bag to the patient
two male surgeons struggle with an unconscious patient.  one of the surgeons uses an oxygen mask while the other gets ready to intubate the patient.
the team of medics are speaking about the patient on the bed
doctor treats the patient with serious condition before the boy in hospital emergency room.
two nurses are doing surgies over a man
someone is operating on the person  in the operation theatre
a woman narrates a video of a medical tv show scene.
narration of a woman while viewing images of a famous american series
a man dressed in all black rides a black skateboard at a skatepark and performs a trick
the group of people are skateboarding at the park.
skater does a board backflip up stars lands on skateboard.
a skateboarder on an indoor track doing a board flip.
a skateboarder does tricks on a ramp.
a man dressed in black does a skate trip on a ramp.
a skateboarder is shown doing a jump on a ramp in both real time and slow motion.
a guy on a skateboard does a cool trick and is very popular
man wearing black shirt and pants with a white helmet performs a 360 flip using a black skateboard in an indoor ramp.
a real daredevil doing tricks on a skateboard
two blonde women wearing green and purple talk with each other.
red skirt lady asks and green skirt lady answers for the question about a destruction event yet to happen.
two super women are speaking to each other in sad mood in a cabin
two ladies are talking to each other.
a women sitting the banch and speaking the another girl
there are two women's between them one of the women wore red color dress asking the explanation from another women wore black dress
a women dressed in black asking for the plan to be implemented to other women.
two girls are talking in that one girl is asking another girl to explain something
two female characters in a science fiction movie
two women talk to each other, one of them is sitting on the floor and the other is coming to talk more closely to her, the two have the same hairstyles and similar but different colored outfits.
a biker passing in between lanes on a highway at night while the police was around.
a man with a helmet is speaking about police
a bike rider is riding his bike very fast and a man is talking about a biker rider and a police car
a person in a bike drive truth traffic,there are alot of cara in the street
riding a motorcycle at night where there is an accident.
a black motorcycle rider is filming his riding during the night while the commentator on the bottom right explains his attitude
biker riding on a road and spotting police cars.
someone riding a motorcycle with a timer
a men whith a very shining motorcycle helmet on his hed is screbing a video playing behind him. we can't see hi face
in a night time a bike is riding and a man is speaking
different measurements of material in white cups, with measurements written in black ink on the tops.
six whites bottles are showing successively and at the final the word furnace appears
a cup of foods with weight written in the cap
the au gold with different weight kept in the 6 white tin.
there is put some can with perticular size and number.
at the video so many boxes it's so nice.
there is a measuring onknown things.
a lot of white tins displaying with the numbers on it all on the floor.
cans are showing with values shown on them
some plastic cups with lids, where some identifications are written.
a man with a long beard is cooking and talking
a old man mixing a bowl full of green chutney in kitchen.
a bearded man with dark glasses and plays making some kind of food.
a blue dressed man cooking in the kitchen
a man with a lengthy beard and sunglasses stirs guacamole while he comments on the quality of the guacamole.
a person food preparation in the kitchen
a man with a long blonde beard stirs something in a bowl.
a man with a long beard and sunglasses stands in a kitchen while stirring a wooden bowl full of guacamole.
a bearded man wearing a t-shirt with flowers and a cap prepares a meal in a bowl
a member of the american band zz top stirring a bowl of guacamole.
an animated character drops two birds that become hostile to the entire family.
1. in a cartoon network , chirstsmas time ,inside the home 2 birds hit all family members and all are going outside the door
a birds are flying inside home in the cartoon
animated birds flying over animated characters.
two birds flied from the hands of a man and cause damage to things in home.
everyone runs out fearing the two birds while the father says all of them to come out.
two birds enter a room and disturb the family
two birds flying inside the room and hitting the family people.
a family  talk something suddenly the two birds are fall down in the house
peter griffin lets two birds go inside his house and they harass his family.
a dancing planet moves around and holds up a sign identifying itself.
animation with the planet saturn.
a planet with ring is dancing on its own.
animation of the saturn planet in design with background music
the planets are moving and singing song
the planets in the solar system are singing a song with lyrics being displayed.
a cartoon saturn is singing a song about planets.
a cartoon depiction of the planet saturn is shown.
the animated planet saturn lifted hands and singing a song
planets how they are working about as such planetes like single momonts
a woman singing while other people dance around her
an african origin woman dressed in blue dances through the crowd and moves to the front
diverse people doing a funny dance with colorful ruins.
a woman in blue singing a song along with other people
people in a dance workout class. there are two lines of woman and a woman singing going down the middle. and a coach in a green jacket
a blue dressing women dancing and singing
the girls are rehearsing some kind of music and they are very excited
many men and women are practicing dancing.
they are having some intresting dancing lessons.
a black girl with a blue dress is practicing about singing a song and another girl is guiding her about her mistakes.
a guy with a white shirt and signing and dancing in front of a crowded audience on stage
a raggaeton singer is peforming in a show with dancers around him.
the person sing in song to the stage performance.the man popular singer.
a man wearing white dress is singing on the stage
pulling the audience, with an engaging and dancing rhythm the vocalist is not left behind, and with a very well done choreography of his dancers in the background
bald man holding microphone and wearing dark glasses with silver clothes around several dancers wearing matching black clothes with green vests dancing over a parade with several people around and several lights on stage
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
there is a man who is singing a song on the stage and four members are dancing at back of him
a recording of a show of hispanic music
a latin-looking singer is on stage singing a song
a pilot closes the hatch of a fighter aircraft.
someone is talking about a air craft pilot.
antique plane about to take off from airfield.
man enters plane with frontal propeller preparing to take off
a pilot closes the cockpit door of an olive fighter plane and starts it while a voicover talks about it.
a man describing how a pilot flies fighter jet.
life is like a plane trip always produces infinite emotions.
a pilot is getting in a airplane and getting ready to take off by starting the plane and a person in black suite explain about it.
a air craft is ready to take off in air
recording of a pilot entering an aircraft while the propeller turns
the video has a creative edition showing photos of important moments as it shows the smile of people
there is a variety family photos shown in the slide show
several families pass on a photo slide
synth-pop reverberates as still photographs of families and couples are displayed in a slide show format.
a current family with 5 people is compared to a family in an old photograph that shows children.
pictures of different persons are displayed with music in the background.
there are a couple of photos of some people with some weird music to accompany it.
photo clips of some families,first clip with five members,next with four and last with two people.
various families and a couple is shown, with menacing trap music beats in the background.
a presentation of three families. first family having five members, second having four and third is having two members.
three men in suits are conversing in a dining room.
one man is standing and telling something to the other two men
the man on the left, told the man standing up complaining,to go away.
two men sitting at a table having a conversation with a man standing behind them.
two gentle men sitting together around a table and one funny man comes with a flower in his hand and saying something funny.
there are three guys talking and one of them holding a flower.
three persons are speaking to dinning table
three men talking to each other over a coffee table.
a man comes up and talk to two people who are seated on chairs in a public space.
there are 3 men talking in a restaurant. 2 men are sitting and the other is standing.
there is a football match and then a chart is analyse the game.
a lot of guys are playing football in the ground and one guy made a touchdown
in a football match,a team got a free kick and a player hit his goal in an impossible way.
messi is running in the field and commentator talks about messi.
flow chart about the two players in the football match
audience watching the players performance in playground
stats about messi's free-kick goals follow a scene from a football match.
foot ball player messi and he is the impossible angel
tv showing a replay of messi's fails in a move showing his figures.
showing messi's (soccer player) total free-kick goals per season and asking if it's an impossible angle
musical video with black-and-yellow transformer and some cars
a yellow and giant robot human destroys a car and chases a man who is escaping
the big robot fitting to peoples and damage some things.
a transformers robot is in the process of saving the life of a human, by cathing him airborne.
there is a man and robot they where falling down and the robot is protecting the man from getting harm
a yellow transformer is jumping in the sky
a large yellow transformer falls from the sky.
explosion of metallic materials in the middle of a giant robot and a person.
a movie clip of a yellow robot falling onto the highway, where there is a car accident
a music video clip with transformers and robots fighting in the background
an artist singing and dancing on stage at a concert.
chris brown in white clothes, cap and black glasses dancing on stage at a concert
a singer dressed in white dancing on stage, and singing
a person in white shirt is performing on a stage.
a man is on stage rapping while dancing.
black man with dark glasses and hats wearing an all-white outfit including shoes on a stage dancing and holding a microphone waving gifts and behind him colorful cannons
he's doing a show and singing and dancing.
a singer is performing a song on a stage.
a man in white is singing a song and dancing
a man in a white outfit and sunglasses dances at a live performance and hypes up the crowd.
a tortoise sit in a the water
a black turtle standing on a fallen tree branch with its head liften up towards the sky.
a turtle is sitting on a log in front of some grass.
a turtle photo appeared with text slides
explanation about turtles and other reptiles which are breathing like human being and they are cold blooded.
a tortoise picture on the piece of wood which floating in the water and a audio explaining about breathing air.
a screen showing information about turtles then turns into a still image of a turtle, followed by the word you breathe air too, just like turtles and all other reptiles!
a kind of turtle on the edge of a river.
a small black turtle rising its head up is sitting on a log which is on the water
turtle is sitting on a brach grass is on the back ground, a voice is telling about breathing
two men in orange top and grey jeans sing gracefully on a stage.
two men in orange shirts are performing for an audience.
two men wearing sunglasses and red jackets are beat-boxing into microphones on a stage in front of a live audience.
two persons is sing a song ang dancing
two men in orange tops and blue denim jeans singing for people.
two person performing in a program and they wearing  red shirt and blue jeans.
two men wearing sunglasses holds microphones and performs a skit on stage.
two singers with sunglasses appear on stage performing on camera
the two males in orange shirts anchoring the show.
two men wearing orange satin jackets are standing on a stage in front of a turntable after performing, and the audience is clapping for them.
a girl is lightning candles on a birthday cake
confectioner finishes huge birthday cake decorated with various hearts
a woman with pink hair in a chef's outfit finishes putting candles on a 3 tiered cake covered in rainbow hearts.
happy birthday in cake ready to the girl. the room in  ordered in the site.
a baker had successfully made a colorful cake.
there is a lady in white dress decorating her cake to celebrate the birthday
a woman in white is lighting a candle and placing it on top of a birthday cake
a woman wearing white chef's clothing puts the final touches on a three layered cake.
a chef is finishing the final touches on a birthday cake.
the lady was prepare to the birthday cake and load to light setting and lamp.
a person is dipping a frozen strawberry in a glass of water
a video about a fruit that is introduced inside glass and gets freeze
a red strawberry is immersed in a solution containing wax
a frozen strawberry is dunked into really cold water which instantly encapsulates the strawberry in a barrier of ice.
a red, juicy strawberry is frozen when immersed in a glass of water.
making a ice cube cherry is play full activity during childhood.
someone is dipping a strawberry in the icy water.
a person puts a strawberry in a glass of water with some ice cubes. when removing the strawberry it is frozen.
a heavily frozen strawberry was dropped into a glass of water and pulled out already surrounded by ice
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
the annoying youtube video promotion with subscription appeal
three women are abashed to see what is in the trunk of their car.
three young white blond and black haired ladies.
a girl is telling to subscribe their youtube channel for updates
three women open the trunk of the car with a surprised face and one of them takes a photo of the interior with a polaroid
three girls are outside taking pictures as it is an advertisement for videos.
ms mojo commercial containing three girls and a subscribe button
three girls are scared looking inside the trunk of the car one of them has an instant photo camera and takes a photo a message of subscribe appears in video channel
three women looking inside of a truck, one of them takes pictures
a youtube video channel showing how subscribe their channel
close up of chocolate cupcakes with chocolate frosting--one is lifted off a plate and set back down with a bite taken out of it.
beautiful and delicious chocolate cupcakes under the table
some chocolate cupcakes in a wooden table along with a cupcake in a plate.
a cake is in the plate and one person pick up the cake
there is a lot of cupcakes with choclate in the head a person eat choclate in the top
chocolate cupcakes with chocolate icing are featured with guitar music playing in the background.
small chocolate cupcakes sitting on top of a counter with icing on them.
showing several chocolate cupcake.
a person has placed alot of yummy chocolate cupcakes on a table and is eating one of them.
a person eats a piece of a chocolate cupcake at a table that contains several
dragons are plays the main role, black and white dragons are flying above the ocean
a man explaining about dragon scales from the movie how to train your dragon
voiceover while different images from the film â€œhow to train your dragonâ€ are displayed.
comments being reproduced while showing images of two dragons of a drawing
the characters of animated dragon is displayed and a man is talking in the about them.
a slide show of cartoon images are appearing and man is speaking background
two animals lookiing each other
white and black snake cartoons dragons are fighting
fragment from a cartoon with a boy and a dragon talking
white and black dinosaur figures are staring at each other while standing in front of a mystic scene.
an animation of a multicoloured hand with colourful baloon faces on each finger
five animated color balloons singing a baby rhyme song.
cartoon broadcasting images of dancing colorful worms.
a kids rhymes about happy family by showing the fingers with balloons in each fingure with different colors.
a short video children's song about multicoloured balloon family.
a song playing in an animated series with a few funny characters around.
there are five balloons shaped fingers each one with different face expressions and body colors.
a colorful hand in motion, with 5 colored balloons on each finger, which in the end come loose from the fingers.
child song about happy family with multicolor hands painted
four cartoon characters are singing and dancing
a group of man taking a boy in to his room with some aggresions.
people are walking indoors and they are talking each other
a young man with his bodyguards
a group of people walking in an appartment and then enters into a room
some people are walking beside walls and talking to one another
a group of people are walking in the corridor and enter into a room.
various people are walking down a corridor. a door is opened, and a young person slams something to the floor.
a boy with black t-shirt and cap getting ready for a concert along with friends.
two persons wearing a cap are talking and walking with a group.
a player with grey shirt and cap is talking with a guy with black top and cap while walking.
the voice of a man narrating the events of a film scene with several people in a hall. from the middle to the end, the scene is backwards.
a party of colourfully dressed individuals are walking across a room. then the shot is reversed in time.
a wounderful group of artist were acting around the place.
a man questioning a part of a of a movie.
party functional hall giving interviews of princess to channels
a man in blue is interviewed by a lady in black.
the photographer shoots the man and women walking in the road, who are suspected as criminals.
the crowd was walking forward and then started to walk backward.
people are walking in costumes in front of cameras.
there are many peoples in a function
in the video we see a person who is preparing four roony omelets in his kitchen
a chef is cooking four omelette which are gonna be put in to the sandwich.
a person with a apron cooking something bread and butter and flip them one by one in a kitchen.
preparing a type of food on the hot plate.
a man flips food after applying butter to the griddle.
in the kitchen some one is preparing dish on the stove
turning the egg omelette while spreading butter over it.
chef handles with a spatula portions that he is preparing on a plate
a person flips over pancakes on a griddle.
a person with a kitchen spatula in hand turns the food that is cooking on the griddle, the person has plastic gloves and is using a block of butter to prevent the food from sticking to the grill.
a girl with blond hair and jacket on is playing the cup song with a cup.
a women doing something with her hands
a lady singing and playing the cup game at the same time
a female with black dress is performing something with a cup and singing on the stage.
a girl sits on the floor showing off her talent by picking up and putting down a yellow cup and object and making them disappear.
a woman sings a song as she flips a yellow cup and claps.
girl using a bottle using as a instrument and singing a wonderful song
a woman is giving audition on the stage
the girl sitting in fort and play the game
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
drawing and written a text on the note
how to draw sentence is writing the pencil graphically
an introduction of a cartoon video explaining how to draw.
the introduction clip for the tutorial of drawing
a cartoon pencil writes how to draw with colorful background
a pencil is automatically writing how to draw
a cartoon pencil writing the words how to draw on the background of cartoon animals.
a pencil writes out the title of the program being shown. yellow giraffe is observable.
some text is writing in in a animated picture of animals
that video describe about how to make drawing.
the animation video is screen.the one toy is speech in fasted.
miss piggy is talking and the muppet babies decide to clean up their room putting toys into the toy box
an antropomorphic pig girl lectures children followed by an antropomorphic frog storing toys in a box.
a girl is speaking in the animation video
a kids cartoon contains girl pig, frog, and birds with toys
peggy pig in pink dress is talking with friends while frog comes in.
a pink cartoon pig with blonde hair talks to a frog dressed as a sailor who puts toys in place
the cartoon female pig character is talking and the frog character is cleaning the place.
a funny cartoon clip
there is a pig women speaking
a doctor is evaluating his patient's nose and planning his procedure.
a plastic surgeon describes the process of rhinoplasty to a patient.
doctor is checking patient with the symptoms of allergy.
a doctor is checking a patient's nose area
a doctor treating nose of someone in clinic
in this video we can see a doctor seeing a nose with an affection
a man is talking to his patient while touching his nose.
doctor speaking the patient and he is checking face bubbles in patient
a dermathologist is performing a intervention on a man and explaining what's he's going to do.
a physician is touching a man's nouse for a rhinopyma repair
a minecraft gameplay with characters launching pokeballs into a pokemon that flies in the sky.
a screen recording of a game is playing and a dragon is moving on the sky
in the video game a green dragon flying on the sky which hit by ball from the ground.
a snake kind of animated character moving like snake in sky
few guys are playing online multiplayer game related to pokemon characters
voices that cry and an animal that flies in the sky
players are killing ender dragon in the minecraft world.
the streamer is talking and trying to catch the pokemon.
a game play of a new level in a game on internet
minecraft characters are freaking out because of how a dragon passes them by up above.
a woman ,prepared the dish with egg and it is ready to serve.she is putting the dish in a piping bag.
a woman pours a yellow cream into a plastic bag
the lady explaining about the preparation of a desert recipe.
in this video a woman is talking about how to do some cook recipe i think
woman inserts solidified egg yoke into a plastic bag, which she then inserts into a silver bowl.
someone is scooping the mixture from the pan to the plastic bag.
this video remains loaded and does not run for image analysis.
woman preparing some type of recipe, putting ingredients in a plastic bag
a person transfers the dough from a container to a plastic bag.
foods a packaged with the plastic covers to save her health
a music album of lady singer soot in forest
a videoclip of a song depicting a woman with few clothes walking in a forest
in the nature of water and trees romantic song by couple.
a woman in black is singing a song near waterfalls
the girl with black dress is walking in the water with song playing in the background.
a boy  have sing a song
a woman with lace over her face stands near and in a pond filled with reeds.
a woman walks over the water to cross the other side of the lake
we have a young woman dressed and covered in her face in a strange lake
a girl is singing a song by giving  different  postures  sunch a walking in water, sitting on a stone
a woman is singing a song and then there are a bunch of lightbulbs hanging around.
a band is performing a song on stage with musical instruments
its a party show where guys are in black dress doing their programme.
music clip featuring a woman and two men singing.
a women is singing a song in the house with the girls.
it is music hall, they are used to musical instruments with singing.
woman singing a song with amazing voice and two man playing instrument behind it
a music clip from a band in a studio simulating to be in a bar, giving a close-up in the lights.
bright lights overhead, music playing and a pretty women singing like an angel great concert.
a lady performer singing a beautiful jazz song with two men playing instruments in the background.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
an interview on a comedy show show.
late night show with a male actor that is well known.
2 mens sitting in chair and talking about some comedy topic, other on the background laughing for the comments
comedians on tv show talking about golf, audience laughing.
in the studio, two person sitting on the chair one is gray suite and second is black suite, they talking each other and smiling.
a talk show, one interviewer and one guest, audience laughing, conversation about golf.
a tv show with two men making jokes while the audience laugh.
a guest wearing a black coat and ruffled white shirt talks to a host at on a show.
bill murray is being interviewed in a talk show.
an image of a woman on the left and on the right the lyrics of the song that is playing in the video
piece of this singer's music.
a son is playing which title is one thousand hours and thirty second.
the girl is singing and saying how she overcome her lover
a song by a female voice running background and lyrics displaying in the screen
music with subtitles to accompany the singer
video lyrics of one of the songs of the girlband fifth harmony
a lady was very curious to show with text to show in.
this song explain about time and know about others characters.
a lyric video for a song, that has a green background.
a swimming sequence performance with clear glass in front of an audience.
four girls in red bathing suits swimming in union
four girls in swimsuits swimming in a huge tank.
four female swimmers in an enclosed case doing stunts in a talent show.
four red swimmers in a glassed cage swim in unison.
a group of ladies in red bathing suites are having a great performance under the water.
four people are swimming and doing tricks in a tank underwater.
experience the audience reaction to this female quartet of synchronized swimmers.
a performance of many women swimming upside down in a tank.
four woman in pink swimsuits performing water dancing at a event while a huge crowd watches.
a man explaining a movie scene and how it happened.
a guy is commenting over a movie scene.
there's some movie scene going on inw a man fell down and some voice over artist is talking about it.
a man behind the camera is telling about funny momnet in film with falling down man
a man speaking was beaten down and many people are watching it.
the man wearing a black jacket while watching a match gets hit by a object and trips over. the large crowd of people watches this happen.
a comedy actor during a movie talks to someone but gets hit in the head by something.
a man hit by something and he fall down. people watch him and some of them laugh.
the hollywood star also shared several videos of the attacks that were tagged
a guy was playing hockey and then got hit on his cheek and fell down with lots of people watching.
a beautiful woman demonstrating cosmetics products of different colors on her shoulder.
the girl makeup the trial.
young woman in her bedroom demonstrating the colors of a makeup palette.
a beautiful girl with snake skin type dress is showing her makeup shades and telling that  her make up shades are not the same they are different from each other
mackup set things are what type of to use to skin like twinkling it
a woman looking at a makeup sample. it's a palette of eye shadow and she samples them on her arm
she is presenting a makeup product.
a woman showing an eye shadow palette and swatching the colors on her arm.
a white female brunette is showing make up
a lady with long hair and v neck top is showing the different shade of makeup.
the news program abc news with a subscribe popup.
this is a commercial about abc news
a flashing play symbol encourages someone to subscribe to abc news.
the abc news logo is displayed with a red  and white subscribe button.
an ending screen with some banners that says to subscribe to the abc news channel.
the abc news logo in red, white and black along with a request to click to subscribe.
advert by abc news in which the viewer is asked to subscribe.
an advertisement from abc news asking the viewer to subscribe to the channel with background music.
a flashing red subscription offer from abc news.com
a background transitions to
a old video many arm force standing and 2 babies also in middle
the people are standing still to a music played in the background.
people with children stand and look at the parade to the solemn music
military funeral. military personnel are honoring the deceased. gloomy music is heard in the background.
very old popular ceremony where the population listens respectfully to the national anthem.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
number of people gathered in a stadium and giving salute
there are many peoples in the street
old time black and white footage of jfk's funeral.
national anthem was going on all r stand ups to give respect
a singer is singing and doing something with his hand
a man with a nice voice is singing.
the person with white t-shirt is singing over a microphone on the stage.
one person in white t.shirt singing song in stage
a man singing on stage live with an amazing voice
a man is signing in front of mike by waving his hand.
the man performing the song i am going to try.
an african american man singing for a crowd on a stage.
a man in a white shirt sings to a crowd while making moves with his hands
man performs a song live, gesturing to the rhythm of the notes he is singing.
a man attempting to do a backflip off of a raft slips and falls in the water.
man in a seasuit out at sea gets up on the edge of a white boat, while the person watching is confused as to why. the man on the edge of the boat fails to do a backflip, instead just slipping into the water.
a man tries to backflip off a boat and slips, falling into the water.
a man in a wetsuit slips off a boat and into the water behind.
a man in a diving suit attempts to do a backflip off of a raft but fails and falls backwards into the ocean.
a person is dropping in the water from the boat
there is a boat in a river and a person is trying to stand on the boat  and falls into the river
a man trying to do a backflip from the edge of a boat into a river but slipping.
a guy in a wet suit turns a back flip off a boat and there's a green sports border around the video
a man wearing wetsuit falls while trying to jump into the sea
world most powerful bullets that can penetrate almost anything
a lot of green question marks followed by shooting guns and bullets.
a narrator gives the pros and cons of a special bullet as scenes of question marks, artillery shells, and a tank roll by.
a man is talking about arms a bullets
a projectile fires through walls of concrete, then we see the projectiles laid on the ground, followed by a close up of a bullet.
the video reports some bombs destroying some places
some fire cracker is being shot at an open place
a home made bullet tested on  a serie of walls
a man asks why not make some self-sharpening bullets  that can punch holes through almost anything, and advises you to be careful with radioactive materials.
a man is telling about the benefits and disadvantages of sharp bullets.
two men walking through a house discussing a guitar.
two men touring a home.
the two man walking the side of river. then we will come to the house.
a person showing his home to his friend also he is guitarist
there are two men who are walking around in a house.
two men come into the room and look at the guitar of one of them
two men walk by the pool, then walk into a house.
two persons are walking inside the house and are talking.
a guy wearing sun glasses showing a guitar to another person
two men talking about a guitar in a house.
a muscled man is loading up three rifles with slug shots.
the man is carrying his gun to hunt or practice shooting.
a person loads bullet in to a rifle kept backside of a car parked in a forest.
a man is filling a gun with bullets.
a soldier is going to do his gun training so he is filling his gun with bullets
a man in olive colored tshirt filling up bottles in one of the three rifles in the car.
the man is set for the bullet to the gun.
a man in green t-shirt is filling the riffles in the gun and getting ready for firing .
a man fills the bullet in gun
a person enter the bullets in to the gun
a guy singing a song in a deep country voice.
a man singing an animated song on an auditorium program.
a guy is on stage in a blue jean jacket singing while brittany spears watches.
a boy is singing a song in a talent show or similar
young black singer in audition program, is being applauded
a young man singing a song and people are enjoying his song.
a male singer singing in a stage show.
a black boy in light blue jacket is singing a good song in a reality show
a guy singing for an audience in a tv show on fox
a man in a denim shirt sings and is evaluated by a judge.
a patient in the bed with treatment speaking with nurse and attender in hospital room
a dr talks to a patient in a hospital
a man laying in a hospital bed with a nose oxygen cannula
a man lies on the bed of a hospital talking to the nurse.
a man is in the hospital bed hooked to machines and he talks with two other people in the room
a man in a hospital bed who appears to be debilitated talks to the doctor and a young man who appears to be his relative.
a patient in a hospital along with nurse and doctor is talking slowly.
man and woman standing over an ill man in a hospital bed.
a scene from greyÂ´s anatomy where dr. weber is tended by dr. jackson and a female doctor
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man in a blue t-shirt is describing something in respect to basic privacy, and the corona virus.
a bald man in a blue shirt is interviewed next to a store.
a man talks to a reporter while they stand on the sidewalk.
bald man with blue shirt being interviewed on the sidewalk of a restaurant speaks into a microphone with letters dw pedestrian in a gray shirt passes by the man has a black motorcycle behind the man.
there is a man on the street getting asked questions from a news place.
a person talk about the cruel of corona
interview of a man on the street talking about privacy and the coronavirus
the bald guy wearing blue t shirt talking through the mike with someone
man being interviewed in an outdoor area on the street.
a person with blue tshirt and speaking the mike in the roadside city
a girl in a pink t-shirt talking on a tv show.
two cops came to a home and a lady holding a hand cuff in her hand communicates with them.
young girl gets herself free of police custody in front of two police officers.
an advertisement where a girl has taken some stuffs from cop
a young girl talks to police officers
a girl taking to a boy with a policeman next to them.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a short trailer for a kids show on the channel nick, with a link to subscribe to the nick channel.
there is a cool picture of the guys who are hanging out a lot on nickelodeon
a young lady telling the cop she took the handcuffs off herself in the back of the cop car.
a lady with red dressing who takes her hand bag and go outside for the shopping
a cute girl getting ready to go outside
the girl is pant in body to the screen. the girl is bag to hand.
one hot girl showing her dressing
a woman shows off her red outfit and then a purse appears in her hand.
a lady in her red top, blue jeans and black belt, standing in front of a chair, cupboard and wall picture, showing off her black hand bag.
a woman in red adds a purse to her outfit.
a women getting dressed up in red tops and blue jeans along with handbag to go out.
woman in a wine blouse, grabs her bag and leaves
a young woman shocases her outfit. blue jeans, cherry top. she magically summons a handbag, asserts her awesomeness in body language, then she departs.
the blonde haired woman sits in a chair starring to her left.  the blonde woman sits in a chair and runs her hands down her legs.
a lady with blond hair is looking at something while doing something.
a female is doing some work with music in the background.
a woman staring at something while rocking back and forth.
a blonde woman stares while instrumental music plays on.
this woman is staring at a person.
there is an women dressing white shirt and looking outside.
a woman looks at someone in the distance while cleaning something.
a lady is just doing back and forth
a woman mimicking the sound of a playing keyboard
a tiger is moving in the visual national geographic channel
a lion under the sun is turning his head around while sitting down.
the fastest animal in the world sitting and watching around the world.
a video on television channel describing about a leopard.
a national geographic video about a beautiful leopard
tiger is national animal , it is  yellow and black line the body
the silhouette of a large black cat against an orange sky.
a tiger from the wild geography channel, close shot from the tiger, background shows sunset
a cheetah in the jungle in the evening time taking rest by lay down and turns around.
a tiger face appering like a shadow slowly turning witha sunset sky in the back
a small boy is saying something to mom in cartoon show
all the animated persons are sitting in the bus and may be travel around the city
a cartoon boy and his mother look out the window of a yellow bus as it travels down the road.
a little boy in a yellow bus smiles and points to something outside the bus.
computer generated child pointing at some thing out of a school bus window.
there is a kid who has googles and they're all in a school bus.
amimated video of a cartoon with people and animals on a yellow bus.
in a yellow bus  a boy is travelling with a lady and a pig is seen behind him.
a boy travelling in the bus and seeing sights and laughing.
the school boys are enjoy to go to their school
a gymnast doing the splits .
a young girl preforms a solo gymnastics routine.
a young girl dressed in green performs a gymnastics routine on a blue mat.
the girl is doing an exercise is the large gym.
there is a girl in a blue outfit and she is doing some gymnastics.
girl practicing her floor gymnastic routine with music in the background.
a teen girl practices her gymnastics routine on a floor mat.
the screen is very blank and there is nothing to talk about
a little girl with a  green and purple suit on doing gymnastics
a girl with a blonde hair performing gymnastic to a song
a man in a pink shirt and glasses feeding his pet that lives in a tank.
some guy is trying to cook something on his kitchen
man in a small apartment feeding fish in an aquarium.
a shirtless man in his kitchen feeding the fishes in an aquarium
the man is feeding his fishes in their tank.
in a kitchen someone is putting fish food to the fishes in aquarium
a bearded man in a kitchen feeding his fish tank on top of a drawer
a person giving food to a fish.
a man is taking clues on a table
a shirtless indian man at home feeds his fish
a man is telling about cars accessories
a man sits in a red sports car, and explains that in this particular model, everything is on the steering wheel.
man dressed in black talking from inside a red car with the driver's door open
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
a man showing his car features
a man with black dress arguing something by sitting inside a car
this video is intended to show technologies from one of the most coveted cars in the world
a white person is talking about his car inside his red car.
a man on a red car saying that all the commands of the car are located in the steering wheel.
a man in black shirt is sitting in a red car and telling about the car that in this car every thing is dependent on the steering wheel
a number of images of cows mooing in a field.
a cow, a deer and other cows appear in that order and when each animal appears, the noise they make is reproduced in the video.
a lot of buffaloes and cows making sound and images of them showing in a video.
different pictures of cows all different in a field mooing
a cow is starring straight in front of the camera.
images of a cow, a calf and two cows
video with different images of cow with voices of cow.
a cow crying and a small cow walking in the grass
images of cows and calf with cow mooing sounds
close-up shot of cows and a calf grazing in the fields and walking on the roads.
a woman in blue entering a room, a man goes out and waits, the woman in blue receives something in the hand of a blonde woman
a grern dressed lady geting code from her friend
a well dressed man walks down a set of stairs and stands menacingly at the front door, while an attractive female can be seen conspiring with a cohort.
people in formal wear walk through a mahogany colored home.
a woman turns right down a hallway as a man walks down the stairs and turns around behind her and crosses his arms, then the woman and another woman make a secret handshake.
a woman in a green dress ducks inside  a doorway as a man walks out of a stairway just in time to not be seen.
a woman in a green dress follows a blonde woman into a room, and down the hall a man exits a room and stands in the hall.
two women enters a room and  guy is coming down from stairs
a person in a sparkling green top passes through a door just in time to miss the man in the suit. yet, the green top zips off after giving a quick hand shake to a young blonde in a pink sparkling dress.
a person in a bright green dress walks by and then there's a man who is standing in front of a door.
large gray elephant with two tusks eating it uses its trunk to pick grass from the ground and bring it to its mouth
an african elephant standing in a field and eating grass
a female voice talking about an african elephant food requirement.
elephant standing in large open plain with facts about the species being displayed on screen.
a woman is saying how much food does an elephant eat every day
a women is telling about an elephant eating capacity
a big elephant with large tusks grabs grass with his  trunk and eats it
in video showing a elephant telling how much food it take in one day
an elephant cutting grass with its trunk and shoving same into its mouth.
national geographic editorial about the characteristics of elephants
a girl sitting in a sofa aggressively crying and shouting to a woman and a man
the little girl fitting to elders and tolad some.
a woman talking to a man and woman crying
three people are talking each other and one of them is shouting
a girl adamant to her parents  and the parent stand in front of girl
a small girl in white dress talking with her parents
scene from an asian film.
a young girl who is sitting down before two persons is asking for help repeatedly to them.
a kid sitting on the ground who is yelling to two adults standing besides her
a young woman complains to an older lady and a tall man.  the young lady looks to be homeless.
two people are having a funny conversation togetehr
bill murry talking to the crowd on the tonight show with david letterman.
the guess in the blue shirt urge the audience to stand up
a man in a gray blazer is hosting a talk show, and his guest is a man in a blue sweater who is being applauded by the audience.
a young man makes the audience enjoyed by talking about the person being interviewed.
a man in blue dress get up and ask audience to encourage another person.
actor being interviewed by the presenter of an auditorium program.
a amn in blue and a man in a gray suit are talking while the background noise applauds them.
a man in a blue suit asking for applause on a talk show and a presenter in a beige suit
a person in blue colour dress standing and saying something to audiance
a woman screaming desperately than the opening of the film is shown
a caucasian woman in a dark field at night screaming with an outstretched hand
a women is screaming . sinister 2 trailer is going on.
woman on night roadside screams into the distance with spread fingers. then a title screen is shown.
the title of the movie is displayed with the cast of the movie.
a very scared women in the beginning of the film sinister 2
a woman is screaming, the film rippes apart.
a man is screaming and then the title appeared
this is advertisement for the movie sinister and it was releasing on january
doing some accident the lady shouting to see a boy.
a man playing video game and making reactions.
a gamer talks through the minecraft word he is playing.
excerpt from a regular shooting computer game with a voice behind
somebody is playing a videogame and he is motivating to shoot a charater
a man appears to be playing minecraft, but the game appears to be buggy.
someone playing minecraft and it is stuck in a ravine.
this is the one type of flying game. and very intreasting.
a gameplay about minecraft, where the character is almost falling into a ravine.
purple color is visible in the game and some green color also
there was pink and green in this video game.
a person is carrying a chip in her hand and explaining  how to remove the chip from the box
a man demonstrates how to pick up a central processor unit for a computer repair.
a person carefully removes a green and gold cpu processor from a clear plastic container.
a man is describing how to instal a processor into a cpu.
excerpt from video recommendations on the correct chip installation and assembly
a man ready to fix the processor of a computer
man opens up a new processor and demonstrates how to hold it properly.
a man moving a computer board very carefully
someone is explaining how to carefully handle some type of computer processor
a man opening a green and gold microchip.
a black man sitting chatting on his cell phone with several empty chairs in the background
a black man is speaking on the phone to somebody and asks if she's in the shop and to bring the goods to him.
some guy  sitting on the chair and talking with someone on the phone
a person pick up the call and speaking to another person
a black man dressed in white and pink t-shirt speaks on the cell phone
a guy in white talks to someone on his mobile phone.
businessman asserts his dominance on the phone, while talking with samara from that fountain in an empty restaurant.
the irreverence of the english language being spoken too quickly to understand at first what makes the act funny
a man wearing white t shirt is speaking on the phone
a black man talking on the mobile asking to bring some products to the church
a group of musicians are singing and expressing their talent.
many musicians are performing in front of large crowd
some people are singing song on the stage
a group of elegant men sing on a large stage together with their musicians
the singers are singing a song.
justin timberlake singing in his show with back volcals in front of the stage
a group of guys with suits on are singing on the stage with the others playing instrument.
an amazing audience listening to the stage show of music event.
a group of well-dressed singers in suits, sing on a beautiful stage for a crowd in bleachers that everyone follows with palms
two persons are singing a song in a music function
a driver's cam showing a group of ambulences and police cars parked on the side of the road.
police car is approaching the scene of a traffic accident.
a person riding in a car ends an accident that happened with a truck on an highway
someone is driving the car at night and crossing some workers who were working for construction
the vehicles are moving on the road while its raining
while driving the car in the rain, rescue team is doing the rescue operation for container accident.
a car driving down the road, in the rain while filming a car accident
car riding in the night with the road show.
a person drives a car across a wet road.
driving past an ambulance ans a truck that ran off the road
hundreds of solar energy generates, generates energy when sun shines.
a long array of solar panels are explained and the sky indicates its about to rain.
a day with many clouds and solar panels
large field with solar panels
big storm created and the environment changes the normal mood.
a number of solar panels are shown across a grassy field.
a sky moves and fast with lot of power and man explains.
commenting on solar panels.
professor donald sadoway comments on renewal energy generation
clouds are floating over some solar panels.
a group of photographers taking pictures of a model holding a dog.
a photographer taking photos of a woman in a bathing suit.
mans putting make up in a women and petting a dog in a backyard
a woman hugging a dalmatian dog gets ready to take pictures
a blonde woman hugging a dog for a photo shoot
the lady is having a photoshoot with a dog.
model in swimsuit in a garden posing with a dalmatian
one girl is giving pose with her dog and another girl is talking picture
an attractive female in black bikini top poses for photos with a dog during a photo shoot.
makeup artists tend to a female model who is posing with a dalmatian dog.
a nature scence of yosemite valley with a lake, mountains, and grass.
trees with tall grass and mountains in the background.
clouds drift against a blue sky over a small lake at the foot of snow covered mountains.
a field with a lake and mountains around it, the clouds move quickly indicating the passage of time
the clouds moving in the sky looks beautiful when viewing from the greenish valley.
a video fully playing the nature in outside and running the sky
a large grassy area is shown in a timelapse.
beautiful green grass and cloud are moving and hills are cover with snow
an aerial view of a vast park area with greenary
icy mountain surrounded by romantic greenish trees and meadows with nice breeze.
a person is putting sauce on a street food wrap called arepa.
a lady decorating the delicious arepa with the egg sauce in sandal color
a woman pours the mayonnaise into a piadina
in the food pack white sauce kind of arepa is pouring for flavor.
someone covers a white burger sauce in a paper pocket
a person puts sauce on his snack while a female voice speaks in the background.
check is making some recipe and she is using toppings
a chef is preparing an arepa and filling it with ingredients.
she is some variety food for pouring the jam to the visual.
a woman is making arepa with fresh ingredients.
six girls dancing on a stage.
the women's group dance is very nice and costume super
presentation of group of girls.
alot of girls in a stage dancing and lights of all colors around them
a group of six girls are dancing and singing a song in a beautiful way.
a group of young girls are dancing to a song on the stage.
six girls singing and dancing together with music in the background.
the six women song in unison on the stage.  on the stage there were six women in a row dancing and singing.
a group of six girls dancing in a white blouse
several well-dressed women dancing to super animated music
a man has a golden face and he is talking
a dirty man with long hair and a facial scar says: we must save the rest of our people.
the lives of his people are at stake, and they need to do somthing to save them.
people with makeup suggesting wounds on their faces engaged in conversation.
the men and women is the feel in the screen.the girl is blood in face.
two persons are talking each other both are wearing black dress
a man with a five o'clock shadow talking to a womane with a scar on her face.
a long hair man is talking to another man.
a person is saying something to another person that is we must save rest of the people
a man explains to his cohort that they must save their people from what can be assumed to be an apparent threat.
shows a woman wearing black clothes and eating a bowl of soup
the girl is watching the soup.
a woman preparing to eat is shown sitting at a table.
one girl is explaining about the soup and one girl is having soup using spoon
describing how to hold a spoon while eating soup.
a asian woman with long hair and a grey coat drinks a soup.
a woman in a grayish black shirt is holding a spoon with a yellow substance.
a woman is easting something sitting in a dining table
female voice describing the propert etiquette for eating soup with a female demonstrating the technique
a woman with black t-shirt having soup on the dinning table.
a young man and woman practice with a guitar in a music class.
the group of people are playing the guitar in the room.
a male and female student perform a song with guitars in a classroom.
a male is playing a guitar and he is trying to impress a girl.
a group of people are practicing their guitar skills.
they are learning how to use the guitar.
two teammates try to make a tune when they finished they got a applauds from their fans.this show was displayed in the reasoning behind
a group of young people are playing guitar and talking.
a man in a striped shirt plays an acoustic guitar and other people with guitars applaud.
one person in a group playing the guitar while others watch on.
a lot of water pipe loop is being explained by a person.
a person is explaining  about the usage  of pipes which are arranged  in sequence
a man showing inside a place, the engineering part
set of plastic pipes of various diameters with many connections
a man shows a number of pipes and pumbs in a basement corridor
someone walking through a discussing what all the parts on the walls are.
a man is showing a video of lots of engines and pumps.
a guy is in a hallway talking about the pipes on the wall.
some pipes in black color are there connected to the wall
man describing a certain engien of some kind underground tunnel looks like
a man is singing a song on a stage with a band.
a person with black tshirt is singing a melodious song
a man is holding his microphone with both hands and singing very well
man singing while holding a microphone and the other members of the band are seen in the background.
music sounds while musicians are seen during the performance
a music concert stage performance and a man is singing a song by holding mike
a guy have tattoo on is his arm singing.
the sound quality, the studio the instrumentalists make all the difference
man in black shirt and with tattooed arms singing to microphone
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a brunette woman wearing a leather jacket is looking at a white tip in the store.
there is a atores where people are choosing cloths
this lady explain variety of cloths explain in showroom
a women looking a dress and speaking
girl in a black leather jacket examines fashionable white clothing in a boutique
a female with black dress is checking on a white dress.
this video is explained to the women dress section.
a woman wearing black jacket is observing the dress in shopping mall
a female voice talking about genre of action movies.
this is the shop for buying the dress and exctra.
some one keeping some potato fries in a box
a video showing commercial food advert tricks with a mcdonalds fries cup
there is a red container and then a person puts some fake fries into it.
a red box with fries being put in them.
a paper bucket with french fries are being shown and a statement  food commercial tricks is being displayed
somebody puts french fries in a red packet.
there is the fry's box in red colour, a person put some fry's in the box.
a red box with french fries.
commercial showing a chip of the food commercials about fried cheese in the package
a commercial trick to make the chips look bigger than they really are.
a carpenter sticking wooden box
a video showing a liquid seal applied on a wood
a person with painted pink fingernails puts glue on the perimeter of one side of a rectangular piece of wood.
a hand is holding some type of orane and white bottle that looks like glue.
a person paste the gum over a substance
person applying wood glue to a project that is made of wood
a person adding wood glue to the bottom of a block of wood.
a woman with pink finger nails puts wood glue on a the end of a large piece of wood.
the process of spreading glue on a wooden block
someone is putting glue on a block of wood in an diy video.
a middle-aged, dark-haired, elegantly dressed man sits in a dark, gloomy bookstore with no one around him, holding a large book in his hands while church music is playing in the background
a mr. bean episode opens with a title of the library with a background of a library.
a man consults a book in the library, on a large black table
a video about a man that is reading a book in a library
a man in a library reading a big book. it seems a researcher or intellectual person.
a man sitting by a table reading a book, while other people do their chores around the house.
well-dressed man reads a book in the library.
scene from a bookstore with a choral song in the background.
a person reading book in library alone on table.
a person read the book in the living room
a man in a suit talking with chinese subtitles.
a man in a suit and tie speaks with interviewers from cgtn.
a person with black court and he speaking the media person
some sort of dignitary talking about global policy in an interview for tv.
a chinese news channel is showing a man and the man is talking
a guy in a suit and tie is talking.
a man with a blue tie, apparently a politician talking about politics.
a news journalist conducts an interview
a business man is giving an interview to a channel cgtn on boss talk.
a man that is wearing a suit and tie is sitting and chinese writing is across the screen.
two peoples are talking each other.
a woman wearing red dress is talking in front of three people
one girl in orange top talking to the three people standing nearby with a blue long chair in the background in the green lawn.
four persons are in the scene including three ladies and one gentleman. the lady with orange shirt and blue skirt is showing some acting.
a female holding the hand of other female while other watch it standig on the backyard.
a white woman in a yellow top is holding the hand of another woman and talking
conversation of some girls with others
a blonde girl in a red t-shirt talks to a girl with braids dressed in green
the two cute girls were talking about it men
a girl wearing a top and skirt.
a chocolate cupcake is shown with sprinkles and frosting in a pink wrapper.
a deliciuos cake and choclate
a video showing delicious chocolate cupcake with frosting
video with music of two succulent desserts
a chocolate cup cake is decorated on the table
chocolate cupcake with multi-color sprinkles and pink wrappings on the bottom of the cupcakes.
chocolate cup cakes decorated with chocolate icing  and had some sprinkles in the top
many chocolate cup cakes with chocolate cream above in pink color cups
chocolate cup cakes are present in the table and shoot closely
chocolate cupcakes  sitting on a white board with background music
- a woman is showing a baby pram
a woman is explaining the attributes of a stroller with a baby sitting in it.
a lady in her living room showing how to disassemble a stroller to use in a different way while her small kids are in the background.
woman talking while filmed moving in a baby stroke
one girl with two little baby she is explaining about the baby trally fixing
a display of photos of a movie involving it's characters
a lady explaining about the different parts and how to fit the parts in the baby walker.
in the home a woman removing a parts of the child troley
a blonde woman reviewing a baby stroller while explaining some of its functionality.
the baby is thinking in plastic paper compost in the screen. this place is mom in speak.
a child is sitting in front of a laptop computer and playing with a toy dinosaur. a message on his radio transceiver startles him and makes him drop his toy.
a cute boy sitting on a chair is playing with some toy
a boy is playing with a dinosaur doll and getting scared when he got a call on his walki-talki.
there is a boy who is surprised and then drops his toy.
a boy is playing with a a toy and a man in forest
a boy speaks through the walkie-talkie
a boy playing with a danasur and suddenly disturb by a noise.
that cute boy is playing with the cute dinosaur toy.when he looks that closely he scared and threw the toy and took the voky talky and inform that news to his partner
a boy sitting on chair, playing with toy and pick up the phone and talking, one person standing in black tshirts with cap.
a little boy is holding some toy which was alike an insect and got scared of it , thrown away and he reported someone
a man on stage dressed in a silly costume eating a sandwich.
a man wearing classic clothes eats and talks to the audience
introduce for honest in the major and that man make for nice dress like for all people.
weird man dressed in old clothes eating and cheering up the audience.
an old man extending his hands into his left side
a man dressed as a nobleman plays in something that looks like a play.
man in medieval custome is offering jokes to the audience.
a person performing in a stage. he is eating and wearing hat also with big old type dress
a big hat cap man is eating a burger on the show
a stage performer was talking and acting to someone behind.
a screen is shown of a website that is playing music.
someone is looking a video of ncs  and music in the background.
a song playing in with a company logo in the background.
an introduction page for ncs which is nocopyright sounds.
a website playing music
the ncs website is being shown on the large screen.
this is a screenshot of a website.
a screen full of running files and a music playing.
a song from an album is playing on a website.
a still image of a website for a company called ncs is shown while music plays.
a team of medics are speaking one with another before the operation
doctors are working in the operation theatre.
number of doctors are engaged in operating a patient
a group of doctors are performing a surgery.
three doctors in an operation theater doing an operation speaking about the condition of the patient
in the operation theater three doctors are doing operation using video conference.
surgeons with face masks on are operating on a patient.
surgeons in blue gowns and gloves are performing an operation.
doctors are doing the job in surgery theater focus on work.
the doctors are performing a surgery and one of them is talking.
a character chases another in a minecraft game.
a man moving through a building
shooting game in online play games
we have a clip that shows us a game of minecraft in multiplayer
a boy is playing a game on the computer
a screen recording of a game is playing with a gun
a small boy is running with someone chasing him in  a cartoon clip
game very nice and clear
the game character is running with something in the hand.
players are playing the minecraft including stampy with his horrendous laugh.
a song performance from four men in a stage with the audience watching.
a group of four people performing a song. three play the guitar and the last one tap on the drum
they r singing song on the stage with the old instruments
four person used for musical instrument with singing and they are all hearing.
a band made of four men play on a stage in front of a standing audience.  three men are playing guitar and the other man is playing a drum.
there are four guys of a musical group singing a song
the beatles playing music in front of a crowd.
a rock band performs on stage in front of a television audience.
musicians are performing in front of large crowd
an orchestra group is singing while playing guitar and drums on a stage.
a clip of a man looking thoughtful or contemplating something whilst sitting in a car.
a guy taking off his seat belt and looking thoughtful.
a man sitting in the driving seat of the car opening the seatbelt
a man in a car lost in his thoughts
a man in car and removing his seat belt and looking sad
a young man with white tshirt inside the car remove car seat belt and looking something outside very seriously
man loosening his seat belt and looking very thoughtful inside a vehicle on the road
a man that is looking troubled removes his seatbelt while sitting in the driver's seat of an automobile.
a man sits quietly behind the steering wheel and inserts his keys into the ignition.
a man sitting in the driving seat of a car seems worried.
a girl in her white coat happily buying sandwiches from osteria all'antico vinaio.
a woman is presented with a sandwich and she smiles.
food that does not always bring us good health, since it is used for so many days
server wearing blue gloves handing a giant sandwich to a female costumer with her nails painted pink at the other side of the balcony.
a restaurant worker gives a woman two sandwiches
woman waiting for her food to be delivered to the counter.
miss florance from italy is giving some pockets of bread to a well smile lady
employee in restaurant wearing gloves hands bags with sandwiches to a woman.
someone is talking about a few sandwich.
a beautiful lady receives two packs of her sandwich from a store.
a woman's voice is talking about how to adjust the black baby carriage.
a woman wearing black dress is operating a machine
a woman shows the versatility of a baby product while a commentator or explains the purpose of the demonstration and product.
in this video we can see a baby cart and a woman is talking how it works
a women is adjusting baby sitter.
there is a woman who is reviewer a baby stroller.
a woman demonstrates the operation of a baby stroller
a woman explaining how the baby's trolley works
a woman shows a white stroller
a female hand shows how to use the various functions of a baby stroller
man in pink shirt looks at somebody
a man looks sad and then turns around to close the door.
a handsome man deeply thinking about something and a background music is playing.
a fair man in pink shirt at entrance of room, after sending a person out expressively stands and then closes the door
there's a person in a pink dress shirt who is looking at something and then closes the door.
asian man and thoughtful pink shirt closes the door.
a young men in pink shirt showing his emotional feelings
a man is thinking deeply and close the door
a man in pink shirt is standing for a while and closing the door
a person with pink shirt may be in his bedrroom
a girl gives a phone to a boy in which there is a post on social networks
a man in black t-shirt is guiding two men for placing a chair in a room and a women in black dress crosses the man.
a man films two other men moving an armchair.
two people lifting a chair and a women enters the room and gives a phone to the other person.
two men are assembling a chair inside a room with another man overseeing them. a woman in purple clothes walks in and hands him a phone
this looks to be set preparation for a video shoot
two persons lifting chair and one cap wearing person guiding them and a girl giving her mobile to him.
the girl give a phone to boy and watch some video
two men adjust an armchair while another man controls or adjusts, a woman hands him a cellphone.
two persons take the chair, and one person bring to mobile to other person.
a cycle race is being going on very hardly with team mates .
a man is talking about cyclists for the world's race
photo with a lot of cyclists before start of competition
some persons are wearing helmet and riding a bicycle
a posture of people cycling is shown and a person from behind is explaining  about cycling
someone is talking about cycling and riding.
a large group of cyclist wearing green and a red x was crossed the picture out.
several cyclists wearing green and black sportswear are after a cyclist wearing black and white.
someone talking about casual cycling with sample images.
there are numerous guys wearing a helmet and riding  the cycle and the t-shirts they wore are the same which indicatesbora and they are racing.
a picture with two people with life vest on driving in the water with a white vehicle.
a hybrid vehicle is shown on a photograph. the vehicle can move on ground, and, in water.
in this video there are two persons inside a vehicle in a river
in a river two mens are sitting in a vehicle
two men on a life jacket riding a boat
two people wearing life vests in a white water vehicle.
a white watercraft car sitting on a lake with two people inside wearing orange life vests.
two person is went to boating and they are speaking
a still image of two people in life vests happily driving a small white vehicle through water.
two people in a mini car in the lake
a man and a woman are kissing each other
a man is passionately kissing a blond woman
both are share the breath and romantic mood created.
a man in a leather jacket that has some bages on the back kisses a blond lady while a song plays.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
scene from the top gun movie with the romantic couple kissing.
a white man in a furry jacket kissing a blonde white woman
scene from the movie top gun.
a music video of laura branagan's song take my breath away. a man and a lady is in the music video passionately kissing each other. the man has on a jacket that details patches representative of the american flag and other emblems.
kissing each other with fall opf love simbol at public places
a person is talking in the background with the picture and text being displayed.
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a documentry about chris cagle in this he is wearing black dress and black hat
the chris cagle is the cap in head to the stand. great man in father.
commenting on this man with the hat.
a message from a male country music star.
a guy is reading off a quote
a guy with a cowboy hat and on the side of him there is a text
man in the cowboy hat is thanking his fans in his speech
a person named chris cagle is going to get married and starting his new life so he is leaving his band that's why saying goodbye to everyone
detail showing a shot throwing a balloon with water on top of a pocket knife.
a water filled balloon falling down and hitting on a handheld knife.
relaxing slowmotion video with a red bladder that falls on top of a knife, revealing water in a beautiful image
a balloon filled with water is put on a sharp knife.
a red color balloon is blasting when falling on knife hanging in man's month
a a person throws a balloon full of water on a knife
a water ballon falls on top of a knife and explodes.
a red color balloon filled with water, throw into the knife, and it broken, captured very brilliantly
a red small ballon is falling on the knife
very particular video, even small details can be identified
two beautiful young people roaming near beach side
a girl and a boy are on the beach, the girl is singing with the boy, apparently it is a musical type series
two characters singing a song back and forth to each other and the words show on the bottom appearing to be a sing-a-long.
they playing and sing the song on beach
teenage girl stands by the sea next to a guy and sings a song
a girl wearing white shorts and a green shirt is standing next to a boy wearing white shirt and plaid shorts singing on the beach with a huge blue ocean behind them
teen on the beach is throwing a fit to her boyfriend, because she claims she is not in the mood to be filmed.
a young man with a blue shirt and a young woman with a green shirt talk on a paradisiacal beach.
one boy and girl were standing in beach and that girl is singing song
a couple is singing besides a beach .
a man rubs his hands together after getting out of a bright orange vehicle.
getting the cadillac cleaned and turned up for the customer.
there is a guy walking around an orange car clapping his hands
that beautiful rap singer stand in front of his car and spoke beautifully
a guy is talking about a 95 cadillac nice and clean.
the man is standing outside of the large car.
a man in a black shirt and black backwards baseball cap talks about a '95 cadillac as an orange cadillac is seen in the background.
there is a guy with a cap and he is standing in front of an orange car.
a man, dress in black and his hat in backwards, is talking in front of an orange car.
a man dressed in a black shirt is standing inside a detail or body shop for cars. he is standing by a '95 cadillac describing how they got the car all shiny and cleaned up.
a google employee promises to share details about google's interview process.
an african american woman in a grey t-shirt speaking about interview process at google
a girl named jodi taylor is telling about something
a girl in grey top talks about their organization's interview process.
a woman in grey colored dressing is speak and convey to some messages
a woman wearing google t shirt is speaking
a girl wearing a google tee shirt explaining an interview process
their is a girl wearing a google shirt and talking.
a girl who works for google is explaining about the interview process
a young black woman who is an apparent google worker speaks to the camera
a video clipe of a young white man performing gangna style.
the group of people are singing in the music video.
the same person in four parts of the screem singing
the man wearing an orange shirt, black tie, and sunglasses, sings on the balcony.  the man made hand gestures as he sang at night on the balcony.
a man in orange dress wearing sun glasses is singing a song
there is a person trying to make a cover of the famous song gangnam style.
a man singing with high volume and acting well
a man with glasses on various screens singing and smiling.
a man in several videos in one singing the song gangnam style
a man with five images is dancing on the song gangnam style
report on a ship passing under a bridge
there is a bridge over the ocean
large cargo ship crossing under the red bridge located in a bay.
a big ship slowly cross the red bridge
a boat is passing through the bidge
the ship is crossing the red bridge and a person is talking about it.
there is a large bridge and a ship passing under it.
a dramatic view of the golden gate bridge in san francisco, ca while a man narrates its features.
the boat is crossing the bridge and the sky is looking  cloudy
there is a red bridge which has a large chain to hold the bridge
an airplane is flying off into the air
a jet plan taking off then flying overhead.
a black jet takes off a strip in a desert into the sky veryk fast.
a fighter jet taking off into the skies in sprawling barren land with mountains in the background
some guy is explaining about a jet when it is landing on the helipad
this was a video of a fighter jet taking off of a runway.
a flight that takeoff from the runway
a fighter taking off from the base.
air plane takes off on the runway, which is located near the hills, then it starts flying into the clouds
the airplane is taking off from the run way with high sound in the background.
a painting of a man holding his hand out looking up.
there is a  picture of a man looking up and opening his hands towards heaven.
a man with a beard holds up his hands while looking upwards.
a bearded man with outstretched hands looks reverently upwards.
a mans hands then his face looking upward.
the painting of jesus with his hands out looking up at the light
for nine years a woman has consistently appeared to her son.
a bearded man looking to the sky as he prays.
there is a nice hand that is connected to a guy that is looking up in the sky
it's a painting of a person who is holding their hands out.
an old man eating some food and other person irritatng him
an old man is eating a pancake and other man is singing near him.
a guy performing a song in a house with a friend
a man is eating while another man is singing by his side.
one person is singing song and another person is eating something
clip where a young man puts bacon on a gentleman's pancakes.
a man wearing a green shirt eating pancakes and bacon using a folk and knife.
a person is eating food and another person singing a song
videoclip with a man singing and other eating pancakes with bacon
a singing happily near a man cutting eating his meat food.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a blonde woman and a man in suits pose for photos together.
a man and woman stand in front of a wall and answer reporter's questions
a man and woman standing and posing for a photo shoot
a couple is placed on the red carpet to pose for journalists
there are people taking pictures of to actors.
actor couple pose for photographers in front of lion king movie poster
a man and a woman are posing in front of cameras on a red carpet at a movie premiere.
celebrity couple parade and are photographed on the red carpet.
2 people, a man and a woman, are standing in front of a wall labeled the lion king.
in a tv news, news readers read news headlines
a reporter from another country speaking a foreign language may be talking about some buses backed up on the street.
an arab television show featuring an old woman with short hair and glasses
a person is broadcasting the news in a foreign language
report presented by a woman showing the streets of a city with several buses stopped.
a news channel woman talks about up state buses
a wowan with glasses speaking on a program called abplive.com. information is displayed in black boxes on the left of her.
the woman is talking on camera on the screen there.
a women reading a news in hindi television channel
a woman is speaking about the news in a foreign language while images of buses are shown.
a female is working on the front end of a car and then they put it on the car.
various people work on car components which are being put on the chassis of the car.
man with long hair attempts to do a quality fix of a car part
the woman was trying to fix part of the car.
a woman puts together and installs the grill and hood of a sports car with other workers in a design shop.
a woman in a blue sweater and blue gloves looks at auto parts and adjusts with tools, then cuts to an engine and men polishing car chassis.
there are people working on a car putting parts together.
a woman with blonde hair and a blue shirt works on a front piece of the body of a car. a car chassis is shown as body pieces appear on it. a man in a black shirt and jeans polishes a car with a blue rag.
they are showing us how cars are made with the moderm world of machines.
a bugatti is in the process of being created.
tv report showing images of stores closed in the united states.
the 58 day lockdown is hardly fully lifted
a news reader telling the news of partial reopening of all 50 states of america
its office with closed board
a man explaining a lockdown at connecticut and the video shows the lockdown has been lifted and people protesting.
report about stores with closed doors and a small number of protesters at the end of the video
video with tables closed on shop's doors in news before reopening
in that place will be closed for some problems.
various boards having the sign of ' closed' are outside the buildings.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a man wearing white shirt is playing music with his mouth
a boy performing wonderful beat box throat bass on stage.
a boy dressed in white is doing beat drop with a microphone in his hand
young man with white shirt and clock makes beat box in a presentation.
a guy with the white top is beat boxing on the stage with some audience.
some guy on a mike singing and making noise via mouth
a man is holding mike and make sounds like some music instruments
a boy performing voice beat in a stage
a person is singing in front of a large crowd
oy has mimikari on stage of a dance
a fish caught in a net in an animation video
a plastic net  in the deep blue sea is catching some fish.
a fish net is been caught in the tail of a fish.
an animated video shows a net is tied in the fish's tail in the sea
a whale got tangled by a net in the ocean.
a net fallen from the boat has arrested a giant fish in the water in the animation video
the fish man to find the big shark like the net.
there is a large fish moving in the ocean
animation of a bigger fis fishing for smaller fishes with a yellow fishing net.
this scene shows a cartoon character of fish.
the man approaches the lady sitting on the picnic table as the music plays.
beautiful girl watching a man walking up to her with music playing in the background.
woman sitting on a park bench waiting for a suited man to walk past.
a song is plaing and a man is walking towards a girl who is seating in the rock
a man in white pants approaches a pretty girl in a grassy area as music is playing.
the video talks about a music clip in which a woman is in love
a boy walks towards a girl who is waiting for him sitting at a table near a garden
woman in a purple sweatshirt watching.
it is scene from a movie  where the herione sees a and go through a locker
the couple is in the romantic mood singing a song in the garden.
there are three people having a conversation,a lady and two guys,one guy is seated and the lady laughs
three persons speak in the video. there are two men and one women.
two men and one girl are met together in a hotel
a man speaks to a woman standing next to him and another man sitting.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a guy talks to a lady in front of another guy
the three people taking the some.  she is smiley.
the video shows a man introducing a woman to another man
a man introducing a woman to another man.
a man is introducing a girl to another man
spongebob sings and jumps high from a cactus plant, and patrick star sings while sitting on a cactus.
spongebob sits on a cactus and then lauches into the sky.
the famouse sponge bob suare pants fall on a cactus and after jum very far away
spongebob is jumping on a cactus and singing while patrick is sitting still watching and singing along. they are both having fun.
the charater spongebob squarepants lands on a cactus top.
spongebob cartoon where they are singing.
popular cartoon character spongebob squarepants, sings a country song while falling on a cactus.
cartoon  hen kallichedi in the is looking one milk was jumping
a cartoon who is sitting on a cactus is going to sing a song
a fat man sits on a cactus plant and another boy falls into another cactus plant.
some one is watching a cartoon video.
the original dragon ball z characters nappa and vegeta plotting revenge in a discussion.
a red haired male character converses with a bald headede male character.
there is a person with orange spiky hair and there is a bald person who are talking to each other.
dragon ball z plays in the background and makes people entertained.
two cartoon men talking about why they are going to earth.
two dragon ball z characters are having a conversation about their goals once they return to earth.
two characters are planning an attack
two cartoon characters are talking to each other.
the animated figures are all standing outside together.
a satellite is moving over the surface of earth
there is whole world with a satellite picture in amazing view
a satellite makes video of globe revolving around it where earth glitter and its atmospheric layer is shown
flying above planet earth
a satellite is showing the view on the earth.
a satellite that moves around the path and captures the earth with its camera
a satellite is rounding the lighted earth and taking photograph.
video footage from a satellite in space orbiting the earth.
a satellite imagery video showing satellite images of the earth.
a satellite captured some photos in the earth
he is washing a dress add and meet for all requires like me.
photo with girls on pink background and saying below in purple.
the ladies are posing a photo for the fans.
this is a clip thats mainly at the end of a video, thats saying thanks for watching and playing some nice, upbeat music.
a photo of a group of woman and it says thanks for watching
5 pretty girls are thanking everyone for watching them.
a still image is shown of the protagonists of five.
one photo with five young ladies and lettering thanks for watching
five women just ended their show called kinemaster.
i do know who are these girls , but they have done an excellent work, i just loved it.
the man is walking through the door as the people cheer.
a tv show where two stars are being introduced as they run out from the side curtains, you can hear the crowd cheering loudly
kel mitchell is on the screen and he is looking very happy and peppy
sparkly introductions featuring kel mitchel and lamar odom
while a crowd cheers, a woman introduces two men, who walk on the stage, one at a time.
nba players make their entrance and are introduced on the tv show good morning america while the audience cheers.
lamar odom and kel mitchell are guests on good morning america.
two tall basketball players appears on a golden stage and are showered with golden glitter.
an audience is cheering two men as they are being introduced on stage.
as a small crowd cheers, two men individually walk onto a talk show stage as they are introduced.
a screen recording video of youtube channel
the youtube channel and its specification
youtube searching and a one person with is speaking
a man is explaining something in a video on youtube.
a man explaining how to download a youtube video.
a person explaining about sunflower-soyb downloading which is written in the description box of trailer video.
a youtuber is talking through the page that's how to download the link.#
a man explains about a download link that is in the description of a youtube video.
a man is explaining how to download something by following a link in the description of a youtube video.
the man is explaining on how to download and stream using the link in the youtube comment section.
the person is sticking designer papers with glue gun for a craft work.
someone is gluing the black and white stripy stick on the yellow frame with the glue gun.
in this video we can see two hands making some craft
a person is doing some craft work with some wooden pieces.
a women doing air work with white,black and yellow piece of paper and with glue.
a person building somethings using glue to put stripes in a square.
a man is making crops with glue gun
someone is doing craft using paper and glue.
a women making a craft item by using a glue gun
a person is hot gluing black white strips against a frame of ice cream sticks.
the gamer getting ready for next mission , with very dashing vfx
a man is talking about his content and a animated man is showing
a man is standing in front hill view window and speaking
a man with black coat standing inside a glass building in a mountain view talking about a show
a man is introducing a video game with a male character.
a man with a black jacket stands near a big french window
the streamer is talking about the game character and making a new video.
a guy with dark jacket is standing in a building and talk.
this video is explain to enjoy top view of the place
a computer generated man wearing a black jacket and black tie just moving
four dogs playing on the grass in an open space in a park
three dogs are playing in front of a building. some people are siting and taking with dogs.
dogs have fun playing in front of the camera on a green lawn.
dogs running on grass while their owners sit and chat
video of dogs on some grassland waking around.
two dogs are playing on the green field ground
dogs playing in lawn and two dogs comes and looks at the camera lens.
a video on small dogs with some rap music in the background
dogs running and playing in green field and large structure.
two dogs are playing around greenary in front of a building
a concert in a large arena with a female singer wearing a small black outfit on stage singing a pop song.
a very large crowd of people watching rhianna sing on stage.
people having a good time at a rock concert.
the people are all standing in the audience at the concert.
rhianna is preforming a concert in front of a large audience.
a woman singing to a crowd with flashing colorful lights
a singer wearing black performs in front of a large crowd.
a group of people is at a consort
rihana makes a nice sound in her voice and is an overall celberity
a concert featuring rhianna singing her hit song umbrella.
someone is watching a cartoon show with a kid talking to the potato
anthropomorphized bee talking to a talking rock.
a cartoon character dressed like a bumblebee talks to a large egg.
there is a nice talking bee that is talking to a very nice potato
a little bee talks to a stone that it is standing by.
a girl that looks like a bee appears to be talking to a potato.
two cartoon objects in a conversation actually introducing themselves
a character that looks like a bee starts talking to a egg.
a small character speaks to an unopened egg
the little bee girl is having a afternoon talk with a large potato.
a man in a red shirt skateboards around a skate area.
the person is riding on the skateboard through the room.
a man is a red shirt rides a skateboard indoors as a small dog follows along.
experienced skateboarder encourages beginners to skate everywhere, even around your pet, to become an expert.
there is a guy in a red shirt riding a skateboard.
a man in a red shirt is skateboarding in the room while a dog follows him.
some one is talking about skateboard and some one is riding on it.
a young man rides a skateboard in a gym as a dog watches and the man encourages others to ride their skateboards a lot to get comfortable.
a man in a red shirt is riding a skateboard around and there is a black and white dog.
a man in a red shirt and black jeans rides a skateboard thru a skatepark as a dog follows.
a claymation dog wipes his forehead with a rag as a sheep crawls into a magicians hat and disappears.
a farmhouse and goat inside the vessels and seeing the dog and goat
the video shows the cartoon of two cows making food
a cartoon showing a dog and group of sheep doing various activities.
in a cartoon clip, one character seems to be wiping its sweat
the goats look aghast while one goat enters the hat and vanishes in the magic of two goats.
the ship got disappeared in the cap.
a claymation dog with a very large black nose pats a rag against his head, when a sheep climbs in a top hat next to him, he picks up the top hat and shakes it while other sheep look on.
a cartoon where a sheep falls into a black hat and disappers.
the goat with white dress toy fall in to the hate
the band group standing on the stage is playing instruments and singing a song.
a black haired man dressed in black leather jacket is singing a song as a blonde woman is dancing to it.
a man plays the piano while singing into a microphone. a woman dressed in a gold, glittery dress holds a microphone and dances while he sings. there is a band playing behind the two people singing
a guy was singing and a girl was going to start singing next
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
young man playing a piano while a blonde woman dances beside him.
the singers very nice sing the song and dance is super
a man in black jacket and a lady in shiny dress both are singing a song.
a person sings and plays a piano at the same time.
a man wearing black jacket is singing and a lady with sparking dress is dancing on the stage
a woman discusses her cooking woes, while showing us her baked goods.
the lady is explaining about the reason why the smoke came from the oven and some snacks in the bowl has been burnt.
woman speaks while filming a prepared plate that is on a tray in the stove
a pop up cake is bursting out of a  blue cake bunt pan
recipe that ended up passing the point but in the next one will be better
woman showcases the results of her relatively successful attempt at making cakes.
a person is trying to make bread pudding and it is all on a crusty tray.
a woman showing some baked food in a bowl
a lady explaining and giving tips on snacks baking.
a woman shows a baked food in a bowl
a man selecting a rod with thin grip from a set of rods.
a man is speaking about the purpose of the handles on a machine.
a person explain to some tools
there are many iron rods and a man is talking about these rods
a russian narrator describes an industrial process as charred metal rods are shown.
a machine process and model is displayed and commented on.
english voiceover about a certain machine over iron rods infront of a while rod.
some type of metal looking devices are hanging on a gray wall.
a man explains tools that are positioned on a wall.
there is a person who is examining multiple different rods.
there is a bike in green-black colour, a person coming and sitting on the bike.
presentation of a small motorcycle with green shields
a black sports bike with neon green accents
a green and black motorcycle in a gararage with someone getting onto it.
a man getting on his motorcycle
there is a show of motor bike and a man just started to ride on it.
it is a bike ad and they show the bike very slow and a person get on the bike. i can only see his hands
a green sports motorcycle with someone wearing gloves and black clothes climbing on it
one person is motor bike travel on the road
a green and black sport motorcycle with the rider preparing to leave.
a blonde kid with big teeth talks to someone.
young boy talks in the media and a lady explains about the 12 year boys situation
a boy in a blue shirt sits and slightly moves around on a couch
little boy in blue t-shirt tells the reporter about the mockery he suffers from his peers.
a boy describing about his teeth nature and what are consequence he his facing.
a kid talking with fake teeth in his mouth
a kid having the big front teeth seating on sofa
a boy in blue t-shirt and his teeth are very big size
boy with dental problem.
the kid with blue t-shirt is talking and a female talks about him in the background
some kind of sander sanding a metal object.
a person using a wood chopper
a person shapes a piece of wood from a tree.
a noisy machine spins a piece of wood while someone places a tool against the piece of wood.
a person carving wood on a rotary tool.
a rod was made to touch the object that is rotating in a motor.
a man is working in a facotory
someone is shaping an object that is rotating at hight speed
a man is modelling a piece of wood.
a man using a machine to cut a peace of wood
emergent in the icu ward critical change
covid-19 important for and death people affect by all.
sick people in a hospital bed receiving treatments
number of patients are lying in hospital beds
some peoples are in ventilator.
400 and 500 members and 27 crew members may be admitted in a hospital
a panning shot of patients lying in hospital beds with green linen and with a lot of medical equipment around them.
in a hospital center, several people hospitalized wearing purple clothes
a patients are laying on the bed in the common ward
there are about many people who are suffered by the pandemic disease called covid-19 and it was rad as an article by the news reader in the background
two superheroes talk in a dark place until spiderman appears
ironman, dr. strange, and spiderman talking to each other in avengers.
a clip of spiderman talking to dr strange and ironman
a person hanging upside down has a conversation with tony stark
three famous characters from marvel are talking together
this video was hard to see because it was dark but they were talking about aliens.
scene from the avengers movie where the spiderman gets to talk to the other characters.
spiderman talking to iron man and doctor strange about seeing the aliens.
a man hanging upside down talking to 2 other men in weird costumes
a person hanging upside down talking about aliens with two other man standing there, how are in red suite.
a man taking out his laggage from his car dickey.
a person in black colour dress is opening car dicky and taking something
in this video we can see a man with black t-shirt speaking near a car
a bald guy is picking an object from the backside of a car.
a guy in black t-shirt takes a sports equipment from the dickey of the car. a man in the background explains about the speakers in the back side of the car.
a man grabbing an object from the trunk of his car
a bald man taking something from back side of the car
a man opened his car trunk and took a stick
the man is open the ticky in the car and take a tool in my hand
a man showing the trunk of the car
a man is playing electronic guitar on the road and people are watching him
man wearing white shirt, hat and black pants playing guitar on the street several people watch the musician
a man playing in the middle of the street with so many onlookers.
street artist playing guitar for a crowd that was watching him attentively
the man playing a guitar in the public place.
a musician is playing an electric guitar performance outdoors for an audience.
street artist performs with guitar surrounded by people who stopped to listen to him
a man is singing while others watch him around
an artist in on the street playing for an audience
a man with white tshirt is playing an electric guitar with a crowd of people around him.
slow-motion of a doctor walking down a hall towards the camera, followed by a grey's anatomy title card.
trailer for the series - a female doctor walks in a white coat along the hospital corridor
in a medical doctor tv series, a doctor is seen walking in the corridors of the hospital
grey's anatomy tv series doctor walks down the hospital hallway
the women walking the building.
an advertisement for the drama show grey's anatomy.
a lady doctor is walking with background female voiceover
a female doctor is walking and another  femsle is saying something in the background and a word grey anatomy  is being  shown on the screen
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
someone is watching a show grey's anatomy on tv.
fragment from a cartoon with a running dog thru cars and houses
a black dog is shown jumping and then from above running along a road.
the river going on fast. and very beautiful.
a dog is running beside the river and two trucks are shown
a black dog is jumping over something and  running on a path.
a cartoon video showing a dog finding a path through roads
a dog just jumped the railroad and kept running through the city
a dox running on the streets of a videogame
a black colored dog jumbing and running
the video is an animation where they show us a dog that wanders around an unknown place
a country band is performing a song live. the frontman wears blue shirt and black hat.
a man wearing blue shirt and black hat is singing song and playing guitar
the person with blue shirt is playing guitar and singing a song on the stage.
the man singing a song and playing a guitar
a man is playing guitar and singing on stage.
guitar platist singing a song on the stage in front of mice
a person wearing a cap, playing guitar and also sing the song.
a man singing song
the person sing a song and playing the guitar, and he is adjusting his cap
one man is playing guitar and singing a song
the lady appears to be angry but i could not understand the language.
an old man and a young man talking to a woman.
there are two men and one girl and one of them is listening carefully
two men wearing shirts talk to a woman
a man talking to a girl which another man besides him eves dropping
two men talking to a woman in an office setting.
two men talking to a woman, one man has glasses and talks to the woman, the other only listens and is wearing a shirt with a tie.
trailer from an asian movie, a girl talking to two men
a woman with long hairs talking to a person wearing glasses another man wearing black tie listening
two china man are speaking with a china girl with long hair
a dinosaur is walking in a animation video
a dinosaur aggressively approaches something on a prehistoric landscape, with a heavy tread.
an animated dinosaur is seen walking around the forest and roars.
an animated dragon is walking toward the front and roaring.
an animated drawing of a dinosaur walking by and roaring.
an animated video shows a dinosaur moving in a forest and roaring
in a cartoon, a dinosaur walking through the forest and roaring furiously
the dinoser going to speed.
a cartoon green colored dinosaur with the red wings can be seen.
a dinosaur with blue skin and red fin is crawling on the ground of a jungle.
there is a room full of people with two men in the forefront.
the man drops a glass while the woman walks away
a view of a funny episode of a popular comedian show.
a woman in blue looks at a man in a brown jacket and drops a metal object as she walks away.
the people are all standing together in the show.
some one is looking at the george lopez tv show.
a woman wearing a blue lab jacket drops a silver object down onto the floor and walks out of a crowded room.
a woman drops a glass vase in a factory and people stare.
george lopez's mother storms off and is angry at her son
people are in an industry whereby one lady drops a class in front of a certain man anad disappear away
a yellow bus with three chicks is moving in a animated video
there were three cute students in the animated bus.
an animation of three various characters taking a ride on a school bus.
three characters inside a yellow school bus walking on a bumpy road.
a school bus with 3 kids running on road.
three cartoon characters are riding the bus.
3 children travelling in a yellow animated bus is looking out through the window
threes animated children are in a school bus.
a cartoon showing three kids traveling in a yellow bus.
school bus animation showing a bus with three characters going in road.
a rap band sings in a dark place, with a hip-hop outfit
fragment of music video of a group of african-americans performing rap
many persons dancing and one is singing and one is having skating board
few young men with dancing for the song
a young skateboarder is shown. then persons reflect on their aspirations and on their relation to money.
a white t shirt man singing a song
a group of black men and women are performing an awesome dance.
a group dancers singing and dancing with great movements.
the group of persons are signing and rapping a song.
a singer with black hoodie, hat and sunglasses is singing with others while dancing.
itâ€™s a guy with ear phone talking about a game and he was trying to give it his best but seems slightly upset that he didnâ€™t
man explaining something on a blue and white screen.
some guy wearing a headphone talking about positive and negativity in his life
a man is speak someone with ear phone
a guy streamming on recommendations for a game on steam.
a man talking about the importance of positive thinking
82/5000 a man comments on a page, his comments seem not to be so positive.
a  man describes his experience of playing a game.
a man with long black hair is speaking with headphones on
a man seen in inset wearing headphone talking about himself
in the mall of america a group of people appear in images, including police officers and some visitors to the mall.
a good view in mall of america and many checking going  at the end a person with black coat starting to explain about that
many peoples are inside the mall to see some art works.
the video shows an accident that happened at the mall
mall in amrica in the news
incident in a mall in the united states concerning children
this is the mall of american.  to buy the one of the product.  we can visit the mall.
report of an accident that happened in the mall.
the situation shown in the video shows that someone had an accident at a mall and the amount of people helping must have been serious
it is being informed a event that happened in the mall
a person aims their fingers at a cat and the cat falls over.
a cute little cat communicates and plays with its master.
a man pretends to shoot a cat with his fingers then the cat flops on itâ€™s back.
a grey and black striped cat followed a verbal and hand command to lay down.
a man gives a cat an order, and the cat immediately lays on the floor and rolls over.
a cat, who is being directed by a human, walks across a hardwood floor and then lies down and rolls on its side.
a cat playing dead after being shot by owner's finger.
a cat walks up and crouches really low and pretends to play dead after its owner pretends to shoot it.
a tabby cat plays dead after someone points their fingers at the cat and says bang.
a man pretends to shoot a cat with is hand, and the cat plays dead.
the person with grey shirt is standing in a golf club an talking.
video that describes golf, but you could do better
a golf player is saying about golf warx
a man introduces a golf show on a golf course.
the title text appeared and after that a man in the golf court is speaking
a guy standing alone in golf ground and explaining something
a short intro of the advertise and a man with a golf stick in the golf ground.
in a golf ground, a man is telling a web side golf wrx.com
a guy with shirt and hat on is standing on the golf course and talking.
a gold commercial with a red intro and guy in golf outfit.
a gentleman foaming his beard with white cream for shaving by looking in to a mirror.
a caucasian man giving a lesson on applying aftershave.
an older balding man is looking into a mirror giving instructions on how to use a facial product.
a man use for soap and very clean for face and also wash hands.
a man in a black t shirt is scrubbing his face and has foam on his hands.
a black t shirt man massage his face
elderly man treats facial skin with aftershave
a man rubs his face esspecially to his beard area.
a guy applied some lotion on to his skin as a part of some skin treatment.
the man is applying something in his face and talking.
a dark scene of 2 people talking
a women is talking to a man inside a room
a woman with slicked back hair talks with a strained batman,
a beautiful woman in brown top is having a romantic talk with her husband.
the lady expressing her feeling to the man sitting in front of her.
the batman movie is being depicted in this video
a girl speaking the opposite person and he is wearing face mask
the lady is talking to phantom.
batman engaged in conversation with a woman surrounded by people.
a dark-haired woman whispers to a man dressed in batman clothes.
a news anchor in a nice grey suit is standing on the side of a moving train
a man speaks about adding cycle ways as metrolink passenger cars pass him by.
there is a news reporter at a train station reporting on issues that are expected as trains pass by either side of him.
a news man is giving a report about transportation.
a man in a blue suit and blue stripe tie starts to report about transporation.
a news reporter from sydney, australia passes his news report to the next reporter.
a new reporter talking about a place in sydney where they have added 10km of extra bus loops.
a man in a suit and blue tie is reporting in front of a moving train.
a gentleman in a suit reporting transportation news at a railway
a man gives a report while standing on a platform at a working train station during the day.
person is pulling out then accelerating the car down the road
a person wearing a dark jacket and watch is speeding down a two lane road in a honda car.
the person driving a honda car.
a car is being driven down a road.
someone is speed driving on the road.
somebody is driving a car down the street.
drivers view showing dashboard and road speeding down the highway
a black jacket man is driving his own car going somewhere.
a man in a honda car driving on the road
the person is driving on the street in their car.
a woman is playing guitar with some other musicians.
a woman playing bass and background music.
female teenager playing a song on her guitar
a girl is playing a guitar
a woman with a blue stripped shirt is playing the guitar.
a young woman with long brown hair wearing a striped tank top plays the bass guitar to a popular song.
woman in blue t-shirt plays stringed musical instrument
a young lady in a striped tank top plays an electric guitar.
blue t-shirt young girl playing the kitar with happiest movement.
a young woman in a striped tank top plays the bass guitar with a drum set in the background.  there is an overtrack of a man singing a pop song.
the man is white. background color is nice look.
guy in a gray sweater gives an interview in the background of his house
a man in gray is being interviewed in front of a white house with green shrubbery.
we have a young man talking to the camera for a tv program
some channel shooting and explain about some topic.
a young man in a grey sweatshirt is listening as another person talks.
a half bald guy in grey talking by a nice house
an interview between 2 man .one asks the other
there is a person on the left corner and a house in the background
a man in the background talks and films another bald man
a gospel choir is singing while two other performers are conversing, waiting for their turn.
the choir people with blue dress are singing a song.
some people in the blue dress are singing together
a group of people  wearing same blue apron and  orange , red scarf is singing
scene from the series the crazy one on the piece.
a group of people sing in a church choir
a church choir sings while a gentleman seems to guide them.
african american gospel singers all dressed in blue robes with red and orange scarves sing in a choir.
a group of men and women are dancing in the room
the group of people sing the song but two person talking something
a group of cows are seen relaxing in their shelter.
a mostly black cattle inside the barn with fences separating them in different divisions
there are group of cows in a shed and all of them are sleeping  in a dry grass and two of them are eating the dry grass
in this video we can see a group of little cows dreaming and eating
cows of different colors are on hay in an enclosed fenced area.
number of cows are staying together in their place
large herd of cattle locked in pens together and crying out.
many cattle making their typical loud sound, i believe there are hundreds of them on this farm
in open barns large number of cows in different colors shouting aloud.
lot of cows with different colors such as black, white, brown etc within the cow shed with lot of hay spreaded
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
many people are playing in skating
a man is doing his skating and he got slipped.
skateboarder accidentally steps off the skateboard on top of the ramp.
someone attempting a trick on a skateboard at a skate park.
a man with a white hat is skateboarding up onto a wall.
three people viewing a male on a skateboard with a male audio description
a man uses his skateboard to do tricks off of a ramp.
a man with sketting wants to jump.
there some people on a skate lane making skate tricks
a girl is voicing over some clips of a pale faced lady on the screen.
a picture of a woman followed by a video clip of the same woman flying with another woman talking in the background.
a woman says that there was much more to a character than we first believed as we are shown the character flying with large wings.
we are starting to see there is more to this women they they leading us on to belive.
the woman was glaring at someone else in the forest.
a very pale woman with dark red lipstick looks off into the distance, and then she is flying through the sky with feathered wings spread wide.
angelina jolie looks off into the distance as a picture of an eagle is shown
a dark haired woman with horns stares into the distance snd then a dark haired woman with wings in white clothing flies.
angelina jolie, as maleficent, looks rightward in a grassy background as narration plays.
some one is talking about a movie and the actor.
man sitting and talking
a man name jerry givens talking about his job as a former executioner
a black man sits in a church and talks about being an executioner.
bald, black man is talking sitting on a church pew
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
a bald man wearing glasses and a dark suit sits on a wooden bench in a room relating his experience with executions.
a former chief executioner reflects on his experiences while sitting in a church.
jerry givens, former chief executioner of virginia talks to the camera
a man talking about transforming himself into a person that would take a life.
old black man wearing glasses white shirt and black suit talking sitting on a church chair
a women with heavy make up is talking to somebody
a lady is telling a story
a black dressed women speaking
a very nice scene from a hollywood movie.
an excerpt from a fairy tale with angelina jolie as maleficent
maleficent the mistress of evil saying that wicked people harm innocent people
angelina jolie says a few lines in the movie maleficent 2.
scene from maleficent totally dressed in black talking to another character.
a woman got dressed  up like a devil and is saying something
scene from the movie maleficent mistress of evil at her goddaughter's engagement dinner, she was exchanging teasing with queen ingrid
a man showing a scone breaking it in the middle and telling about his opinion about it
a person is enjoying his food as it is crunchy from outside and very soft from inside
a person pulling apart a pastry with their fingers.
a nice food been showed in the camera with great love.
someone is tearing open a food item they describe as crunchy on the outside but dense and doughy on the inside.
a person tearing out a bread.
someone is tearing open a piece of bread and it's fluffy inside.
explain that freshly made toast is very tasty, and a cook explained about it
showing the texture of this bread.
a man  dividing a vada into two piece of vada in the same size
strong cyclone force winds and rain batter cities, with background commentary about one hundred and forty mile an hour winds on alabama, louisiana and mississippi.
a scene of flood is running on screen of usa.
a flood and hurricane are presented showing destruction as a man narrates.
a report on hurricane hitting different states of usa with wind speed of 140 miles/hour
there's a clip of a hurricane. the hurricane has very strong winds and is doing a lot of damage.
a storm and a strong wind is devastating a city
a guy describing the havoc created by floods.
intense wind and water all over the city.
terrific rain and wind is blowing around near the sea
the national geographic shows the water mojo
the trees are moving by a cyclone and a building is there
there is 4 trees and a building in a great storm
it is raining heavily and the trees are shaking heavily because of the wind.
four tall coconut trees stand next to a block of flats and the wind is blowing at great speed.
very fast moving on air.
ultraviolent winds and storm almost move trees that are in front of a yellow building.
it showing the hurricane and the wind knocking over the tree
a storm coming to a city with heavy rain.
harsh winds blow the palm trees strongly with building facing outward behind it.
there's a storm in a pretty city that we can't recognize
some guy is using his system nothing more and also going into settings
man explains how to prevent erosion from attacking flower beds.
a man is touching a brick wall with a white downsprout.
there is a man in a black shirt examining a brick house
a man in a black jacket, crouched up posing near a brick wall
there is a man who is standing right next to a brick wall.
a man in black overall is working on a red brick wall, in a building with lawns and trees
the construction engineer watching the position of construction.
a person with black tshirt and speaking the building cracks
a male checking a drain and gutters
a man is talking while scenese of someone walking towards a fire and standing in an alley are shown.
a person asking why someone came to visit after a such a long time; it is presumably a trailer for a t.v show or movie.
a man walks in the shadows and is wearing a cape.
the woman is walking alone in the dimly lit area.
a character is asking why, after all this time, you come to visit your brother, with ominous music in the background.
movie trailer showing a man walking into a dark room while another man speaks.
gandalf walks into an enchanted forest with the room empty
a man in long hair and cloak is shown entering a dark room.
a man walks down stairs as another man refers to him as his brother and asks why he is visiting him after so long.
there is a person who walks down a cooridor and there is a lots of epic music that is playing.
this is trevor noah doing a comedy bit.
a man in a green t-shirt, leather jacket speaking into a microphone.
trevor noah telling a story during a stand-up routine.
a guy in black jacket talking on the mic and moving his hands.
the guy is talking about  how to follow the person in social media
trevor noah is doing his stand up comedy routine.
a stand-up comedian in black jacket performs a bit of his routine in front of an audience.
a man is talking and holding a microphone in the left hand and doing some action with the other hand
a black coat wearing person performing in a program .
a black man with a green shirt and black jacket with a microphone on a stage
korean mens were displyed in a old vintage television
a gentle man speaking in a television
a brown television shows images of the north korean dictator and his father
kim jong un is giving some speech on the tv
north-korean leaders are declaring their awesomeness on snippets of national television.
there is an image of many north korean dictators inside a tv.
a guy with glasses and suit is waving to the crowd and other guy is showing up.
a television showing some images of a powerful political leader
north korean dictators kim jong il and kim jong un appear on a tv.
a leader talks in the a tv with more effective way around.
there is a map of europe and it zooms into a city in spain.
a world map is shown, which then zooms in to show spain.
map of barcelona is being described in video .
google earth zooming from space to the city of barcelona while a voice over woman is giving detail about the city
there is zoom the camera on google earth map on the spanish city and a women explain about the city.
a motion image moving from the globe to a city with great speed.
a documentary describing the location of barcelona, spain.
zooming out the earth from above the atmospheric layer towards a city in the sea shore and near a bay
earth is shown from the top and spain is shown closer.
world map is displaying and camera panned to barcelona
a stand up comedian making jokes in front of an audience with the topic of racisim.
the man speaking to others.
lecturer with glasses and suit speaking in a dark environment.
a man in grey coat is describing the audience an incident on the stage
a man in a beige blazer is telling jokes with a microphone.
a man in a black and brown t-shirt doing a show on a stage.
a white man wearing glasses in a program that looks like a comedy standup.
a person with coat and black shirt he is on stage performance
a man in jacket is talking by a microphone to many people on a stage
a comedian makes jokes about how he knew someone on big brother who was really racist.
a woman with a blue shirt and black pants gracefully performs yoga movements outdoors on a blue yoga mat with vocal music playing.
a woman in a blue shirt is doing exercises on a blue mat laid outside.
a woman in blue and black taking exercise on the blue carpet.
a woman in yoga pants and blue top, is performing yoga moves to dance music.
a lady exercising outdoor with various positions with her body on the ground.
a flexible girl doing some exercise on a soft floor
exercise video of lady doing yoga and gymnastics
a woman in gym clothes doing yoga on a blue mat in an outdoor area
a woman is doing yoga over two blue mats.
a girl is doing a yoga.
a cake with cream on top and sponge on the bottom with caramel being drizzled over the cake.
showing the cake is putting a tail.
slicing the cake and pouring the jam on it
some one preparing delicious banana cake and cutting into pieces
a soft and smooth cake been decorated with nice honey around.
cutting a slice of cake with a knife and pouring honey on the slice
after open the lid a fine cake is found with white color stuff on the top and brown color stuff at botton.  after cutting a piece the jass is poured for additioinal taste.
a yummy banana bread topped with creamy layer is sliced and decorated
opening of a cake box a knife cuts a piece of cake and caramel syrup is spilled on it
put the jam on top of the cake
a man is explain the rose flower plant
man touching pink roses in a garden or flower shop.
there is a man touching rose flower and feel it
a person in garder, describing buds how to become flower.
very beautiful flower and color was attached for  all womens.
a man is showing his beautiful and healthy pink rose bush in his garden.
a person with shirt is checking the quality of his flowers in the garden.
a man is pointing at the rose flower in the garden
a man is showing rose flowers in his plant.
the man is inspecting the pink and white flowers.
a man sitting in a wheelchair talks to an old woman inside a hospice
an old lady in black and a guy in khaki top are sitting in the wheel chair with others.
a man in a wheelchair and an elderly woman in a wheelchair is an asylum.
a group of wheel chaired persons talking each other in a hall.
two people playing shuffleboard while sitting in a wheelchair
a person is talking with another man.
there are a group of people sitting in the rec room or cafeteria of a retirement home. there is a young man talking to an old woman and saying that she sucks. they are both sitting in wheel chairs
there are two men sit in a wheel chair
an old person sitting in a wheel chair is talking to another young man who is also in wheel chair
some people sat on the chair and two people on wheel chair
a woman in blue is doing an exercise in a open space under trees.
woman doing gymnastic movements on the beach on a sunny day
young woman doing exercises on the bar on a beach at evening.
young lady is flipping around on a monkey bar at the park
a white woman wearing a blue shirt exercising on a bar on a beach.
we have a beautiful woman in addition to young woman exercising in the park
a woman with purple shirt and gym pants is exercising in the beach.
a woman is working out at the bars on the beach
the girl is excercise in the screen. more trees occur in the screen.
a woman is practicing gymnastics in a open area
corona virus briefing with several people sitting in a room practicing social distance
some people sitting in chairs looking like a courthouse and a male voice narrating in the background
people seated at a press conference with a man doing sign language in the corner
several reporters sitting with a certain one between them during a speech
a man is speaking about new york corona.
some news clipping there is new hope for covid pandemic situation
people sat in the office holding lap tops and a man in the corner explaining it
there is a briefing of the reporters who are socially distancing
this video is news channel seeing the person.s
tv show with people sitting on their notebooks.
a woman in mask is talking about some thing in a store.
a women in mask is picking an object in a super market.
a girl is showing a product in the supermarket or grocery
out for shopping in social distance and pandemia.
the person wearing a mask selects the product in the departmental stores and giving explanation about the product.
woman in red shirt and black turban in the supermarket
a woman in a red shirt, black head cover and a white face mask is crouching in a store and grabbing a white box from a low shelf.
as music plays in the background, a woman talks as she kneels down and picks up an object on a store shelf.
one girl is telling us about the product.
a woman with red blouse and mask on her face showing a box that is in the pretzel holder and its price
several small birds fly onto a perch and take some seed and fly away.
bir is getting her food wich was done by the human
birds are moving in for bird food with ruthless efficiency.
a little bird is taking some seeds left on the path for it and flying off.
this bird is eating some nuts.
sparrows eating foods in garden with natural plants and trees background
a bird finds some food on the ground and eats it
a singing bird came and enjoys her food and flu away.
multiple birds hop onto the surface and eat seeds that are sitting in front of the camera.
a bird approaches a few white seeds that are on a black table, the table is placed in an open area surrounded by plants and trees in a forest.
an elephant ascends down a ladder in a cherry picker
a children's show about an elephant that is a firefighter.
a song about fire with an elephant firefighter.
an elephant in a crane is lowered down as a mouse runs around a burning house
cartoons enjoying their music in a playground
a cartoon about firefighters and then an animal screams about a fire in their house.
a purlpe firefighter elephant in a white helmet showing young ones how to act in a fire
first, an elephant firefighter in a crane moves across the screen, and then a mouse is shown in a fire.
some kids are watching a cartoon video wit fire.
a small character calls for help with a fire in their house while a fireman inside a bucket lowers himself down.
a video lesson about all the planets and their positions in the universe
a lineup of the various planets that makes up the universe.
a picture of nine planets a person is explaining about each planet
image representing the order of the platens of the solar system in relation to the sun
the planets are beautifully arranged in the universe.
solar system in which the earth is, with the planet closest to the sun being mercury.
there are all of the planets in the milky way lined up.
number of planets are being displayed in different colors
the nine planets in the solar system are shown in space as an arrow points to mercury.
an image showing several planets
white bike with red and black details stopped in the middle of the track then the image blurs and kawasaki vs yamaha appears
the text shows the comparison of kawasaki bike with yamaha
a advertisement of kavasti vs yamaha in instagram.
a white bike shown and doing the comparison of the  brand
a video showing a sports bike with titled kawasaki vs yamaha.
a white colored kawasaki bike on the road
a white and black motorcycle is displayed comparing kawasaki and yamaha.
the text displayed as a rival video between kawasaki and yamaha.
a sports bike is there and the text appeared on the video
a white front view slowly moving camera  of a kawasaki vs yamaha title appearing at end of video
three men are touring a factory and one chinese man is explaining a process to another in their own language while a european is looking on.
a man in a white tee is explaining something to two men in black tee, while a woman is working on a table in front of them
the company executive explains about their products to their customer.
a group of people are standing together and talking while a woman in red sits and works on some type of project.
a manufacturing unit one person doing some thing and other people talking
some of the people discussing at the lab
men talking in a women's workplace, where they do things with fabric
asian man describing the companies tools to another asian man and a white man
a female factor worker assembles wires as two men speak via the assistance of a translator.
there are three men standing near to a women
fireworks explode in the night sky as an italian flag flaps in the foreground.
a flag is flying  in the air and sparkles of crackers  are appearing on the sky
fire works in the sky wiht an irish flag flying high at the side.
there is flag of italy and beautiful fire works of different colors.
fireworks show during a new year celebration in ireland
fireworks burst in the dark sky with flag waving on the mast
fireworks are displayed. the usual patterns that are common to fireworks, are observable.
explosion of fireworks dexenes over the night sky
a party in italy with very beautiful  fireworks
crackers are bursting out in the sky and a flag is flying nearby.
two puppies one black and white share their love with each other
a dog puppy inside a red bowl licking the face of another pup outside of the bowl.
a little brown dog is inside a red bucket and hes playing with another dog on the other side of the bucket.
red color tub move in the pup
puppy was playing with his mother with water inside the tub
the muscular cute puppy is standing at the brim of the container.
a small dog seems to be playing sitting in plastic tub
a little dog was placed in tub at some height where mother dog standing outside watches and licks her little one
a puppy in a red tub sniffing another puppy outside of the tub
a white puppy in a red bowl looking up at a black puppy outside
a cow is making a noise and going inside a shelter
a cow is on a farm walking into a barn.
a cow roaming around in a hut and searching for food
a cow sniffing and moving around in her enclosure.
across the screen read animals all the time and a cow is in a stable.
a cow is moving and making sound in the farm
a cow says moo and the text animals all the time is shown.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a brown cow walks into the barn after being outside.
a cow mooing inside the corral.
two gentlemen hum a happy tune
one man in black is playing guitar while another man in black is dancing
two men are standing on the stage, one young and one old man, the young man is playing a guitar and the old is enjoying that.
an old man dancing and singing places his hat on the head of the younger man playing the guitar
two gentlemen - an old man in a hat and a young one with a guitar sing a song on stage
an old man and a young man singing and playing in a mountain place.
a person playing gitor and dancing with someone
two men; one old the second is young . the youg man is playing the guitar . both are singing
the two men were dancing and singing and one of them was playing the guitar.
a country music video with a young man playing guitar and an old man dancing and signing with him
a building where a volleyball game is being played suddenly starts to violently shake
a game of female volleyball in a gym, where an earthquake happens and everyone runs away.
an earthquake hits during a volleyball game at a school.
a volleyball game took place inside a gymnasium but an earthquake happens at the time of the game.
people start running during a volleyball match as the ground begins to shake
in a volley ball stadium there was an earthquake which shook the entire stadium.
vollyball is the awesome game
audience and players running out after feeling the earthquake in an indoor stadium
an earthquake happened during this women's volleyball game.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a girl is dancing and playing a violin while in a different scene, a guy is at a microphone singing as he plays a guitar.
a girl play the guitar and another person sing song in front of mike
a boy in grey shirt is playing his guitar and singing  a song and a girl is dancing by playing her violin
a boy sings a song in front of a mike with violin and a girl dancing for the same music also playing violin
a woman in a dress and sneakers dances and plays the violin in a room with a hardwood floors and a spiral staircase while a man sings into a microphone and plays the guitar in another area.
two people one singing and playing a guitar and the other dancing and playing the violin.
there is a woman who is dancing in camera and there is a guy playing a guitar
a dancing girl is playing on violin while another guy is singing song.
a women is dancing while playing violin and a boy sing with guittar in his hand.
a girl is playing violin and dancing, a guy is playing guitar and singing on the mike.
there are some green glowing bubbles and various neon bottles.
neon products that make neon bubbles being shown slowly
man giving information on how to make glowing bubbles
a person is talking about glowing bubbles and how to make them.
a narrator is beginning to describe glowing bubble liquids.
this is an instructional video on how to make glowing bubbles.
a man speaks in the background while items from a possible artistic experience appear.
bubble liquid interaction to water and tonic with picture
bubble solution explain to this liquid
a men is talking about bubble solution and dishwashing liquid
some people prepare the paper fish paste some on violet paper
a craft work ,fish is made using pink color paper.
a person makes diy fish like model with arts and crafts papers.
hands are working on some type of art craft.
person cutting out fish designs on a purple paper
two hands are creating art with some shiny paper in the shapes of fish.
someone is doing some fantastic artwork with color papers and fire.
teaching how to make art on paper.
someone is doing paper art work with the help of a lighter
as person is lighting a sparkly pink fish.
hands are holding a crafted blue dragon that then flies away.
showing origami of a blue dragon and a box with several clothespins on the table
in this video we can see a blue paper dragon made with origami technics
an origami craft in which a dragon is done using blue color paper.
a man doing craft
making art objects like dinosaur out of paper.
a person is preparing a blue colored paper dinosaurs.
a person presenting the origami paper art work with materials on the table.
a man is showing making a blue dragon origami.
art work from home was shown as ad by sarjigami origami art through making a dynosour and flower  like creatures in a blue colour paper.
a red circled news paper ad showing 'help wanted'
the text showing help wanted
a red circle marked 3 cartoon characters in a news paper.
the advertisement in a paper is circled with a red marker.
a fictional advertisement is displayed, to be employed in the horror video game world of five nights at freddy's.
a new paper add off  help needed can be seen
three animated cartoons are dancing
a newspaper story with help wanted and picture of animals.
a newspaper clip contain help wanted and grand re-opening
a wanted animation poster is appearing on the news paper
a teenager in a pink polka dot dress is standing in the bed of a pick up truck with a microphone about to make an announcement.
a person with a dress on is standing in the back of a truck holding a microphone.
the woman was standing on the truck with another woman.
a young teenage girl, in a short summer dress, is standing on the bed of a pickup truck in a drive up movie theater parking lot with a microphone in her hand and is about to give a speech after helping a little girl get her buckets of popcorn.
a nervous teenager prepares to address a crowd from the back of a pickup truck.
a lady in a pink short dress standing the bed of a pick up truck hands off two big containers of popcorn and smiles as a couple passes by.
a young girl standing in the back of a truck hands two tubs of popcorn to another girl who is standing on the ground.
a woman wearing a red dress looks at a woman holding two tubs of popcorn and wearing a red hat.
a female entertainer in a reddish pick dress autographs an item a little girl is holding.
a girls in the back of a truck gets a lollipop from a girl carrying popcorn.
in a war zone, a soldier talks with someone and two nurses carry a wounded soldier.
they are explained the rummy game jack
excerpt from a war film where a german soldier shows a playing card against the backdrop of ruined houses
a person playing cards in a warzone and nursers helping a soldier in the background
a crowded army barrack, a man showing card trick to somebody, and a few nurses helping injured soldiers.
a soldier is showing a rummy card to another
a person is seen talking to another person with cards in his hand.
a soldier talks in spanish saying that the card is his.
in the army camp two men talking each other and two nurses take injured soldier by walk.
a soldier is showing another person a playing card
a brown cat speaks and is hit by a stone thrown by a gray cat
a cartoon ginger cat says she doesn't know how to respond, then she is hit with an object thrown by another cat.
one cartoon is saying i dont know how to respond
there is a cat with a bell and something in their hair.
brown cat is talking about something and something is hitting in the head
a song playing with a picture of a man and a woman
a cartoon cat is speaking and wear sckolf
in the video it shows a doll in the form of a drawing, speaking a montw
a cartoon character doesn't know how to respond to something and then get hit in the head with something.
a cartoon character cat is telling i dont know, soon it gets thrown by a stone by somone.
a young man in a suit sings and plays a guitar on stage in an old black and white clip.
a man who's wearing glasses and a formal-looking suit is playing the guitar and singing into a microphone.
a man in a suit is playing a guitar.
a man, wearing a striped suit, plays a guitar in a vintage tv show. a snippet from the official videoclip of in bloom from nirvana.
video of a guitarist playing and singing
excerpt from the music video, a white guy in bright clothes plays the guitar and sings
representation of a band from the 60s in a rock in roll concert recreated by the band nirvana.
the man with guitar is standing on the stage and playing it.
kurt kobain is playing a guitar and singing in a nirvana black and white video.
a man is singing a song and playing the guitar
a man is just checking a silver ring by turning it
a person holds a unique silver ring and twirls it in their hand.
a person this second a ring in your hands
a person holds a metal ring in his hand and rolls it to examine it.
a person is turning a large ring around in circles.
a guy is showing a ring he made then put a cup on the table with some liquid.
someone holding a metal ring in their hands and spinning it.
designing a ring using a metal with other tools in a workshop.
someone is rotating a well chiseled metal ring that is bronze in color
a man is holding some type of ring and then places a glass on a table.
sun shining between branches of trees, hoards of people walking on the streets with people holding guns standing over them.
trailer of a sci-fi based movie .
part of a film or tv trailer showing a war torn land.
in sunlight many arm force are surrounding city
one fine morning, all people of the town are moving out of their nation whrere in military is taking control over that
march of several people being accompanied by men in uniform and armed.
people in crowds are moving towards a locked location and armed forces are taking control.
first nature was shown. according to a city with a lot of people being watched. and lastly, the same city all destroyed.
big team marching in to a broken city were a big fight was over already
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
walking through a famous fast food restaurant with bags of potatoes laying out.
he's walking in a cafeteria.
they are going through market with a camera
sentence 1: in a restaurant most of the tables are free, looks great  ,night time as well
the person is doing a walk through the whole industry.
a camera panning through the warehouse with goods.
a polka squared counter alonf with high chairs and tables of a fast food store is depicted.
a person with a camera is walking briskly thorough an indoor food court with white and red tiled walls and a black ceiling.
some is walking through a movie theater, giving a tour.
an inside view of a building with number of people gathered
a guy with white shirt on in the kitchen with chefs cooking away.
a man describe and explaine the kitchen setup
a man is describing how he manages his kitchen staff and where he stands so that he can see everything.
cook explaining how to make a dish
the person is talking about eating while other person are working in the kitchen.
a experienced man seems to be explaining something with others working
we see in this clip a very large kitchen where restaurant food is prepared
a hotel manager explaining about his role
a man in a restaurent describes about people's style of eating
a man shows the kitchen of his restaurant
the hannah montana movie movie with singing and dancing.
a group of people are dancing for a song
an occasion where everyone in the party dances similarly for the music played.
group of peoples singing and dancing very happily
some girl is and a lot people dancing in the perfect sync with the song
lots of people are dancing in a dimly lit large room.
a large group of people dancing in synchrony
huge, friendly crowd is dancing to cheerful jamboree music.
a group of people dancing for a song.
a group of men and women are dancing in the hub
a huge building with a tree outside if fully lit up
a woman is talking about the oldest hotel in the world. it's located in japan and was built in 705 a.d.
a house is full of light and many beautiful trees are in the front of the house
showing the outside of a beautiful japanese hotel with a rich history.
the lady is describing a hotel.
a women is telling about a world oldest hotel
the world's oldest hotel name nishiyama onsen keiunkan with modern ways.
description of a female voice of a hotel
a beautiful hotel in japan with a fantastic forest landscape and wonderful lighting
article about a hotel with a rustic look
man standing on the table
teacher and student climes in a desk in a school class in front of the other students.
a countdown of 10 movies being narrated by a woman.
a girl is telling about dead poet society.
a clip from dead poet society.
commenting on a movie it passed a while ago.
men in suits climb a table in the classroom
a pink graphic with white writing says, #9, dead poets society, 1989 while a teacher and his students are standing up and getting off of desks.
scene from a movie with people climbing onto a table
number of people gather in a room watched by somebody
this man is putting together a song on the guitar.
man in a yellow t-shirt sitting on a bench playing guitar
a person with yellow tshirt playing the guitar.
a man in yellow t shirt is explaining how to play guitar
a man in a yellow t-shirt is teaching how to play a guitar.
a man in yellow tshirt playing a guitar melodiously.
a man with a yellow shirt and jeans playing the guitar
the man likes to take his time playing the guitar.
the men is guitar is playing. the man yellow t-shirt on the screen.
a guy in yellow shirt playing a guitar.
a man in a black shirt is showing several watches on a counter
some guy is singing and dancing  and also wearing a hoodie
a man wearing black dress stood at wrist watches and talking
this watch is for sure the best we have for you.
a person choosing a watch to buy in a shop
in shop shopkeeper showing watch to customer
three men talk about watches in a store full of wristwatches
a man dressed in a black shirt talks to another man about watches
two guys are choosing different watches in a store display.
a person in black is showing different brands of watches.
a whale in blue water turning and swimming around.
in a pool dolphin is dancing and moving towards ramp.
there is a black and white whale that is swimming around in the pool of water.
an orca swims around happily inside a pool and a human gives it treats.
a keeper feeds a whale in a pool
a whale in the pool getting its reward for dancing to the music playing
whale swimming in the pool to the sound of romantic female music.
a song is playing and this orca is dancing.
a video of a whale most likely at seaworld
the dolphin is swimming in the swimming pool.
two people flee in a speedboat to get away from a ship
a man and a women are looking anxious in a speed boat
one movie scene is going on and they is sea and boat
a motor boat is sriving on the waves next to a bigger boat.
two people ride in a speed boat trying to stop disaster.
a man and a woman are on a small dingy boat next to a larger boat with intense music in the background.
two person on a boat are running away from something dangerous.
a small boat driving next to a big transatlantic. there are two people in the small boat, a man and a woman.
two person go to the boating, and following the other person.
a muscular person and his female sidekick are approaching a huge tanker boat in their small motor boat.
news commentator asking a question to a panel in front of a crowd.
a gentleman is participating in an interview in the middle of a crowd.
cnn's jake tapper speaks while in front of a fair sized crowd on a sunny day.
black suit reporter ask question some person in front of the crowd
a person talking about some incident with tv person
a clean shaved man in black suit is talking to the media person at a place with large crowd.
a man giving an interview for cnn channel
there is an interview of cnn channel outdoor with lot of people walking by.
a man is giving live in cnn channel while a crowd is in background.
a man does a interview in a big news channel cnn.
this video is about a infantil song where the planets sing
the planets of the solar system sing a song and move into orbit around the sun.
the planets are moving and singing song
an animated representation of the members of the solar system.
the animated planets came one after another and stayed at their places
musical cartoon with different planets and their orbits
an animated song playing in an animated video.
a solor system in a form of animation for children
animated planets of our galaxy are singing and taking their place on a space map.
the planets in the solar system are singing a song.
young men dancing in a short music album
a group of young peoples dancing and enjoying in a club.
a group of dancers dancing very nicely for a great song.
number of people gathered to show some stunts
there are a bunch of people in colorful clothes and they are break dancing on the floor.
there is a stage dance performance with music
a group of dancers there and a guy with yellow top is performing some difficult moves.
pop up song with street dancers in a rooms with tasks
a music video of people dancing to lmfao
the boys are dancing in center of the crowd very nicely and all are enjoy the moments
there is a white man on the stage who is fixing the microphone and it is really nice
a man with a very ugly shirt is talking into a microphone about why can't we live together.
a guy is adjusting the mike and says why can't we live together.
steve winnwood and carlos santana preparing to perform a song called why can't we live together.
a singer preparing his microphone on stage
a singer is adjusting the black microphone to talk to the crowd.
a man sets up his mic as another man walks across the stage holding an instrument
a musician brings a microphone to his lips and then announces a song name.
an old man getting ready to sing a song live.
the man is standing outside and preparing to talk on the microphone.
gun in front and in the background several civilians running
a war scene with fire and guns sounds with soldiers running.
war scene in which several things are on fire and many people are running
there is an earth crash some people are running and some are with fire guns
a post-war scene where everything is burned and destroyed
there is a battlefield and there are a lot of soliders that are moving through.
in a movie clip with exciting music playing, soldiers are making there way through a bombed-out city, trying to avoid explosions and being shot.
a war torn city is shown in flames as troops move in a focused direction.
a war scene with soilders running away from shots in a battle field
soldiers are moving around in numbers with arms
showing two men in the car where that car is dropping.
two car drivers driving pass each other and exchanging smiles.
a car drives next to another car as the driver and passenger smile and drive forward.
a hip-hop song plays while a car with two men appears and the person who is filming is going to talk to them.
a young man happily driving his new car
a person in a car drives past two people in a tan vehicle.
a car flanks another with two blacks on board and they joke among themselves
a driver in an auto passes a gold car with enkei wheels and two smiling black gentlemen within.
cockpit view of a car records a low-rider car in the traffic, with smiling guys sitting in the filmed car.
there is a car that passes another car and there is some music.
this video is hair cutting the man in the barber shop.
hair dresser is shaving the head of a guy who has blonde hair.
someone is cutting a hair of some guy in the salon
a person doing haircut to a man with trimmer while rotating the wheeled chair.
a man's hair is altered through the machine in a saloon
the hair stylist cutting the hair of a man with the trimmer and a comb
the hair dresser is cutting the hair of a person using trimmer.
a young man is getting his hair cut, specifically the back
a men cutting the hair of a boy with a comp and trimmer
a young white dude with a punk kind of brown hair is dressing his hair by someone.
a bald man in a black sleeveless vest and sunglasses talking to the camera
bald man in sunglasses delivers some comments, then smiles.
bald man with sunglasses talking something on camera
a bald man with sunglasses and a black shirt is talking.
a man wearing black is talking and a waman is doing makeup
a person with black suit is singing.
a head shaved man speaking in spanish on a place full of people.
a shooting took place inside of a nightclub where jennifer lopez had been participated.
a person in black coat with black gogal, two person standing there, one women is makeup the other women.
the man will speaking, and they are all stand for some working.
this is an car driving video with some specifications are specified
a person with both tattooed arms turns left
a car with black interior driving down the road.
cockpit view of a car driving over the road in the sunny weather. open, rural area.
the person driving the car and turning the steering.
there is a person driving a care and they have tattoos
a person is driving a car in empty road
he's driving a car.
someone drive a car on grassy area at 121 km speed.
person driving a car on the ground with performance indicators on the side.
a skateboarder showing how to do a strategic skateboarding move.
a man is practicing and performing a skill using a skateboard
a young man in a cap teaching how to skate
a boy with a blue shirt and black trousers flips his skateboard
a man riding and moving with wheeled riding around the place.
a guy throwing skate board jumping on it and traveling.
a man demonstrates a way to get onto a skateboard in a cool fashion.
a man wearing a hat does some cool tricks on a skateboard.
in a street a skater explains how to do some tricks
a skater drops a skater board reversely and jumps on it where the skater board automatically positioned for him
a dolphin jumping and spinning in the air.
dolphin jumping in the water while doing pirouettes
a dolphin jumping out of the water and flipping on itself many times.
photo of a dolphin rising from the ocean twirling in the air
dolphins twirl in the air in a large body of water.
the dolphin is jumping in the water.
a large dolphin doing a stunt in the sea
a dolphin comes out of the ocean water, makes a swirling motion in the air and dives into the bluish ocean.
a dolphin whirling in the air and falling into the sea
a dolphin jumps, spins in the air, and then lands in the water.
presentation of a brand and water.
there are two bottles of water in the ad, the brand is evian.
an advertisement promoting the brand name evian, pure water.
a pure drinking water bottel evian
a clear bottle of evian bottle is on screen and the text says evian like young.
an advertisement displaying two bottles and the logo coming at the end.
an advertisement about the spring water in the bottle branded evian.
this is healthy water and good for health all people use it.
the commercial of evian water bottles is played
a display of a title or the name of the production company named evian
a beautiful girl wearing white skirt with black waist band and black tunic is posing as a model for an ad  for powtoon
play some music video by selena gomez
lyrics and the artist are shown on the screen as the song plays.
two members of fifth harmony appear in pink and yellow  scenes from the lyric video one wish.
a picture of a young girl in a black top and white skirt next to song lyrics.
lyrics are displayed to the song that is heard in the video.
a girl personal sliding on this. she is laughing pose
this was a lyrical video clip of a british singer.
there is a women smiling
a girl with black top and white trousers and other one with white top and dotty skirt beside the lyrics.
some cartoon characters stands still in an image.
cartoon with the people having tails and one has wings.
a female cartoon character sings an upbeat love song to a male counterpart.
a cartoon snippet with a pumping rap music playing in the background
different cartoon characters moving their eyelids and mouth to a song.
animated music video about sucking teeth like jeffrey dahmer.
manga characters are frozen in their places in a desolate room. bizarre music is heard.
there are five cartoon kids with musical back-ground.
its a cartnoon pictures, some hearing sound to the pictures.
cartoon characters on seen together with minimal expression changes while a song plays.
a person wearing a light green tshirt wants to purchase a nike shoe.
two men in a shoe shop and the seller explain the features of a shoe
two men are talking about the shoe model in the rack behind them
the two persons are sale the shoes in the shop
a person keeping a show in his hand and inspecting and talking about it.
two guys are talking a bout shoes while lots of shoes on display in the background
in a shoes shop there are two boys, the one on the left is wearing a green t-shirt and black trousers, the one on the left is wearing a green t-shirt and black trousers. they are talking about a the authenticity of a famous shoe brand
two guys are talking about a shoe that's nike and also green blue colour.
a person explaing about a particular sneaker in a sneaker store.
a shoe showroom contains many branded shoes, a customer choose one among them
some news clipping there is new hope for covid pandemic situation
man in suit starts talking about recent developments on covid. laboratory then is shown, with employee in lab coat appearning to be doing her job.
a man wearing grey suit is reading news
new anchor gives latest news on news channel
the man in the grey suit is reading some breaking news.
there is a person in black coat, in a studio telling news and a women in a lab with white coat doing some testing.
a black reporter presenting a television program.
a black coat person speaking  in hospital news
in a news channel, new reader reads a news about covid19
this medicine is use to increase the immunity power of the covid-19
a video is playing in the ball in a animation
two men interacting inside a tennis shop, where one of them is trying on a
a male character standing looking at a large yellow screen.
a person with a cross grandest on his back is looking at the large screen in front of him
computer game character overlooking a big circle screen with people protesting to the right.
people were jumping up and down with fiery objects.
in the multiplayer video game characters enjoy the giant wheel and video.
a person watching in the video game
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
some animated objects created they are dancing in the middle a circle where some different shapes appearing
a cargo ship is advancing through a rough sea with blowing wind.
freight boxes of different colors are sitting on some type of freight ship in the water.
a ship full of containers in the ocean facing a wave
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a boat holding shipping containers rocks violently in large waves on the ocean.
there is a shaky video of some boxes and there are some waves in the background.
a lot of containers shown like in a big boat and there is water and some one said oh.
on a stormy day, the bow of a cargo ship is crashed by a wave in rough seas.
ship full of cargo, facing stormy with giant waves
a windshield wiper is clearing the screen from water.
the front flap of a suitcase opens and its features are mentioned.
a comercial of a bag that can move and follow people
there is a laugague bag with 30Â° for quick access and 180Â° easy packing
a person telling fact and features of a high-tech suitcase.
a flexible black trolley briefcase with four wheels with 180 degree openable coverage is shown animated.
commercial advertisement for a blue open suitcase on wheels.
advertising of the functionalities of a travel bag
a video showing the functionality of a piece of travel luggage.
a man describes how a suitcase works.
demonstrating a luggage by showing its features and dimensions.
andrew garfield is conversing with another actress while they stand with a tree between them.
a blonde woman in white talking to a man in black at night while leaning against a tree.
a men and a women are standing near a tree at night and speaking with love
a boy and girl talking with romance near the tree
a man and a woman are talking to each other near tree
peoples arer romancing under the tree with distance
a couple standing near a tree and talking and blushing.
andrew garfield and emma stone in a scene from the amazing spider-man 2 movie.
scene from the movie sorcerer's apprentice.
a guy with black clothes is talking to a girl with long curly blond hair.
there is a men and women are sitting on a stair
the group of persons are sitting on the staircase and talking.
we have a family of four recording a kind of videovlog
whole family members with stairs in lockdown time to enjoy theirself
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
one family - mother, father, little  daughter and a little son is sitting on the stairs in their house
a person wearing orange t-shirt and grey shorts is happily enjoying with his family of 2 children on the stairs of his house as his wife is seen wearing black pants and white t-shirt
a family unit is taking a nap at their stairway.
a family of four members sat on the stairs and the man wearing orange shirt is speaking
a family is in a house talking about it being messy.
animated elevator doors bow out and puffs of dust shoot out before the elevator doors open and a baby in a trench coat holds her arms up in victory.
a yellow cartoon elevator door opens to reveal a pig in a trench coat.
there is a baby pig girl coming out of an elevator and is happy
a cartoon showing bellowing elevator doors and a little pig girl being happy to be saved.
some one is watching a cartoon show on tv.
the people are trying to burst through the large wall.
a pig is sitting inside an elevator and there is an explosion.
the door crashes and bangs then an animated girl that looks like a pig comes out after the doors open.
a video about a cartoon pig in an elevator
a little cute cartoon character  is coming out of the closed lift
a man and child are holding and examining a slug.
little girl is on the lawn with adult man
in a outside of a home, baby take snail and give it to her father hand
a small girl gave a man a slug to hold.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a young girl and a young adult man are bent down examining a slug on the ground, then the girl places the slug in the man's hand.
a man teaching something to his kid in open area
a blonde girl puts a slug in a man's hands
a man with long hair holds a slug in his hand and informs his daughter that the slug is makin' bubbles.
a girl takes something from grass and gives to her dad.
it is a music video with the lyrics on the screen
a band of five women artists sings a song da-da-da-da ye-ah.
five girls with different poses and lyrics of a song passing by a pink background
group of singers sing their song
one song is playing that is da-da-da-da-ye-ah
a group of 5 woman wearing various outfits stand still as white words pop up over a tan background.
a song is being played at the background .an image is seen of four people with a text da-da-da on it
a fan-made music video with a rose background and a photo of the band in evidence
it shows the lyrics of a song, with a photo of the group that sings that music.
a group of five people making funny faces.
there is a view of the earth from the moon and there is a man talking about it.
the earth is seen in space from the point of view of the moon.
earth is displayed as it would be observable from the moon. the narrator explains that it would take 1.25 seconds to send a letter to earth from the moon.
the man is describing the earth.
a person explaining how long it will take to communicate with a person on earth and the time needed in two and a half seconds.
a message sent from the moon to the earth
person on the moon sees the earth and sends a message
commenting on email but fast.
footage of what the earth looks like from the moon, along with an explanation of how long a message would take to send to the earth at the speed of light.
earth viewed from the perspective of someone on the moon
a man walks in with some things on his hand
a man, known for growing giant pumpkins is showing us how its done.
an aged man and his wife are kissing behind a large pumpkin in the field as another man in jeans and a hooded jacket walks talking to them
reporting by a farmer in israel.
a guy walking through the woods to do something
a giant pumpkin grow in a minecraft with the pumpkin seeds.
a person is looking at the giant pumpkin and  seeding the feild.
a man is lying behind a large pumpkin and in the next scene the old man is walking.
video of a person inside a kind of obloo and another walking
a man is walking  with a pink container in his hand.
a large gray suitecase apperas over a white background.
a black suitcase, medium size, with for wheels, one side handle on the left side, two handles at the top
a sales representative highlighting the important features of travel pro max lite 5 carry on luggage.
a very nice piece of luggage has an emblem on it.
gray handbag with training wheels on a white background
the travel luggage trolley is displayed and a person is talking about it.
even though i have a field to explore the suitcase, it is still a product that sells itself, after all we all know how it works and what suitcases are for
a person is presenting a moss green suitcase
gray suitcase with black wheels and several pockets with silver logo in the middle and handle on a white background
a suit case is appeared and some one explaining about in the background
players are playing rugby in the stadium
a football game in going on in the ground with two groups. one group wore complete  white dress and another group wore a red tshirt and white pant.
football game move by white team. the team is succesful in its attack.
the players are playing in the ground all players are target to the one person
a tam of white and other team of red is playing rugby on the pitch.
the player with the rugby ball is running while the others try to tackle him.
the boys in red and the boys in white playing a game
napoleon kaufmann of the raiders takes a handoff and spins his way downfield versus the kansas city chiefs.
a american football game where they do a great play
an american football game with a team dressed in white an another dressed in red.  one of the players dressed in white runs with a ball while the other players try to stop him and fail.
the man wearing a red headscarf strokes the hair of a woman wearing a black hat.
the two people are kissing on the ship.
there is a female pirate and a male pirate and they are about to make out.
someone is watching pirate of the caribbean in spanish.
a romantic scene on a pirate ship why on the deep seas of the caribbeans.
a scene from a movie where johnny depp, dressed as a pirate, is getting ready to kiss a girl, also a pirate.
a female pirate and a male pirate nearly kiss with japanese dub.
a man and a woman are talking and kissing.
pirates of the caribbean translated into a non-english language.
a man and a woman speak and stand close to one another on a boat
the barbour trim to the customer in the shop. the boy is green shirt.
one girl is cutting hair for one boy using trimmer
a female is cutting a mans hair with hair clippers
the man is showing how to properly cut hair.
some guy is explaining the technical stuff and  how to fix the stuff
a hair designer is cutting the hair of a man with timmer
a boy is telling about his hair cut technique which was done by his wife so perfectly
a woman uses hair clippers to cut a mans hair. the man is sitting in a chair with a green cloak a round him.
the hair cut and trimming with the machine style.
haircut adjustment by hair clipper with another guy's comments
a horizon full of dark storm clouds in a rural city.
a storm is happening in some plains
a view is crossing a factory and buidling
a vehicle travels along a road, while thick smoke is shown from a distance.
there's a huge cloud in the distance, looks to be a tornado forming.
the cloud is very dark while the person is recording while moving.
very fastest drive and shoot the video very danger travels.
a video clip for the snow is frosty is very beauty
a storm approaching and a tornado amid dark clouds
filming the whether in driving car
someone is coloring the picture.
some one is drawing a cartoon character on white paper
show the drawing on paper.
a cartoon drawn by a person with speed and brilliant, and also he teaches how to draw easily
draw the picture fast and quick and teach others.
a video demonstrating how to draw characters from the cartoon sponge bob square pants.
a women drawing a cartoon in a paper
a person using a pencil to draw a cartoon character on a white paper.
a person is drawing a cartoon character in a tutorial video.
closeup of a man's hand coloring a cartoon character from spongebob squarepants.
a man records furniture and himself against a grassy backdrop.
man describes issue with a part of his roof while showing it to the camera.
a man outside on his porch talking about the soffett not being cut correctly.
a man is showing that the soffit is cut too short on the house.
a man showing the environment of a certain restaurant
a man is on a porch outside, describing a piece of a socket that is cut too small.
a man is on an outdoor porch and showing a soffit that needs repairs.
a guy is trying to repair some thing on the roof.
a man takes an overhead shot of a white piece of wood that has visibly been cut too short.
the video is about a man's patio
a male singer singing in a stage show.
a gentleman is singing a country song on stage in front of an audience.
a boy sing a popsong and dance together
a man in blude dress is singing in stage
a black boy in a single cowboy vest with a microphone
a man is singing a song on a show.
a man in silver dress holding a mike and singing a song
black boy sings for television program to the applause of the audience
an african man with a great voice singing a country song
a black male, singing is heart out on stage for a contest.
a report on abandoned luxury cars.
the cars are standing one after another.
a voiceover describes a gray sports car next to a broken car
a silver colour car show in this video
lowered silver car with chrome trim exposed to the open air right behind another black car and then a car with the front completely beaten up appears
a non english speaker talking about a sports car.
a silver color car is shown and some one explaining about it
a car showing broken parts
a silver convertible is parked in the car park and the other one in front of it is damaged.
a person is explaining the car in the video
a big outdoor stadium with more number of seats for the viewers to watch the match live. a couple happily enjoying the moments. and the man is watching the view of the stadium from the handy camera.
a beautiful romance going on in a very big stadium.
a person shoot the auditorium by using camera
music being reproduced while showing the image of a man and a woman near a stadium
some song is playing on the background and stadium is there and one couple is there
there is a view of a baseball stadium and then there a man hanging out with a woman.
the girl and men is ground watching in the screen. camera hand in the men.
a man in singing in an empty stadium with a girl wearing white in his arms.
one girl and boy is hugging and they are singing song
a man is seeing something from a telescope as a women stars at him.
a female comedian is performing in front of a live audience.
a woman is performing comedies making everyone laugh out with her guesture
a woman wearing red and black outfit is speaking in the mic
a white woman is holding a microphone and making jokes and faces at the audience that smiles a lot and behind it has illuminated signs.
a performance from at the apollo by the comedienne aisling bea.
woman with microphone and black and red clothes making fun of an audience.
a lady was hosting a show.
a woman in black and red clothes making jokes on a stage.
a comedian does a standing monologue with a microphone in her hand
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
a voiceover talks about a pair of pink heels.
a female is marketing a unique pink flip flop that has a heart shape on the bottom part of it.
a girl is reviewing a character's pink heels
a girl explain about the high heels and advertised
drawing of someone wearing pink shoes while a female voice comments on the drawing.
girl gives information about the hills and effect on legs
a cartoon still of a woman's lower legs.  she is wearing pink dress shoes.
a description of the effect of shoe design on the legs.
a woman is rambling over a cartoon image of a pair of legs with princess slippers on as she scrolls the image up and down.
in a shoe advertisement the shoe is different shape.  the shoe is weared by a beautiful and coloured lady . the advertisement says that the shoe may change the shape of the leg.
the panda is playing with a snow ball and rolling over it
a panda animal is playing in the ice
a panda bear slipping a falling in the snow.
a panda bear is playing in the white snow and tumbling all over the place
the panda bear plays with the snow with his paws and then slides down the small hill.  the panda bear leans on the big snow ball then he slides down the hill.
a panda is clumsily playing with the snow and falling down.
that the bear was playing in the ice land
a panda playing with a snowman doing funny things
the panda is playing in the snow.
a panda bear is climbing on a snowball and rolling around in the snow.
an army of soldiers is walking in a city square
soldiers are walking around on a street.
military parade - the military in a festive uniform solemnly held in formation
a huge army men are parading in an uniform manner while band is playing in the background
a march past parade by soldiers with the band music in the street.
some peoples are plating a puppet and doing a march fast
a group of military men marching in a parade to the beat of a drum
several men marching in a parade with firearms and one man marching forward with a flag.
independence day parade march, held by american soldiers
a parade is going on .a man at front  is holding a flag in his hand.
well done video slow motion, you can see particular actions of the game
a guy with blue top was catching a baseball but tripped over a guy with white top and fell down.
a player jumb and catch the baseball in a match
players are playing rugby in the stadium and the man wear blue jerkin hold the ball
scene of a ball dispute at american football match
player on jersey number 10 grabbing the ball against his opponent.
two football players are fighting for the ball in a game.
slow motion american football action is displayed to melancholic music.
hopkins makes an athletic one handed touchdown catch over a pittsburgh steelers defender.
the person are playing in the ground one person catch the ball
a pair of snails are enjoying there time and a man explains
two snails are kissing each other while a person is explaining in the background.
in the forest white snails are touching each other in the grass.
two snails are kissing each other on the grass in the day time.
there is two snails are moving in the grass
snails mating with each other
two snails interacting in the middle of nature being filmed
two different species are there and one is touching the other
a pair of mating land snails in the grass.
some guy is on the ocean water asking somebody what is the situation of the whales
the man has tied a knot to the wire.
a man is holding a string while it in his hand and explaining its attributes.
a man describing how to tie a knot using a robe.
a white person's hand shows a small, tightly knotted knot.
a boy saying about a knot tie in an orange and black line
a person holds a tied orange and black rope.
a male showing how to tie a string correctly.
black and orange coloured two piece rop tied together
a man giving instructions on how to make a handmade bracelet
a person tie the thread in the balm then rotate the thread
a funny cartoon character in his red dress is watching everything in a very curious manner and three little kiddies are running in front of him
guffi cartoon is talking about the flying butterflies and  three piglets.
a micky mouse speaking the video and rabbits jumping the road crossing
a character wearing medieval clothes standing on a road, pigs run by
scoobee doo is looking to some birds flying and three pigs running.
the cute lady donald duck watching happily the running of little ducks in the ground.
goofy in jester outfit witnesses piggies running around in the forest.
the character pluto is dressed medievally and pointing to birds and pigs.
there is a dog is who dressed in a goody outfit and then pigs run past him.
a character in a outfit on a road watches several pigs cross by.
a large brown animal wearing a collar licks their friend.
the light brown bull is licking on the dark brown bull.
three cows in a pasture licking each other.
a brown bull liking another brown bull in the field
three cows in an open pasture on a sunny day.
a three cow in a grass in outside and one cow sacking the another cow
three brown colored cows are standing in the grassy field on a sunny day.
gross to three cow standing
the cows are mooing in the ground.
the video shows how animals behave peacefully when they are in their natural environment
a cat is meowing on a window lege and accidentally slips off.
a cat walks on a ledge and then trips and falls on top of a trash can.
a cat is walking on a window side and it fells down over a plastic bin.
a cat walks on the wall slipped in to the blue box.
people laugh when a cat attempts to walk on a window ledge and falls off.
a cat is walking on a windowsill; the cat falls and people laugh.
a gray cat walking on a red wall and falling on top of a blue trash
there is a cat sitting on the wall, then she walking but she slept and some persons laughing over there.
cat walks distractedly looking up and ends up running
a cat fell on to the blue closet lid.
a man is making an ice cream using the blender
a man in glass is painting some glass thing
a man in a gray apron with an electric mixer making cream
in the kitchen a man is going to work with the stirrer.
someone is making a  white cake and explaining  how to do it
a man in a black shirt is making a cream cheese in the kitchen
there is a guy who is wiping a nice spread over the icing
a man shows how to whip cream to make a dessert
there is a chef and he  put some cream on the blendder
a man explains about preparing a food item in a cookery show.
a purple shirt man with yellow gloves is quickly cleaning and maintaining a battery on a workdesk.
a high speed film shows a man in a workshop repairing an electronic device.
a man in a purple shirt is repairing batteries at a workbench littered with tools.
fast forwarding man in gray tshirt, very messy battery shop, oscillating fan running in background
a man checks on car batteries on a table.
the person is standing in the garage fixing something.
there is a man in a workshop working on a car battery.  the whole scene is in fast motion.
a mechanic at his workstation is fixing a car battery
a man wearing a light purple tee shirt  builds a battery in his garage
a man in shown building something and the clip is speed up.
a group of kids walking and talking with each other.
two kids and a boy are coming out of the school and another boy in red t-shirt and backpack joins them
four boys are going somewhere with their bags
few boys are walking in the road.
three teenagers leave school after school, climbing over the fence
many children going the road
two childs are walking in the road and talking with each other
three children are walking, a boy with red tshirt joins them.
the boy is a playboy speaking to girls studying schools.
three children talk to each other as they walk somewhere together.
a lady in black t-shirt doing some work in kitchen
a women in black tshirt with a machine in front and a refrigerator, oven and gas in the background.
a lady showing a demo of some kitchen device.
a lady insert a plastic object inside a machine, she is in her kitchen room
a woman asked for the specific product type.
some girl is doing some cooking in her kitchen
a women introduce a product from the kitchen
we observe an adult woman with an object for babies or pets
a woman wearing black dress is cooking in the kitchen
a girl in a black shirt collects a large white device
a girl lying on bed looking at someone and talking
an asian woman is laying in an hospital bed and talking to somebody beside her
the female is lying on a bed and talking something
she was talking to another person who was lying in the hospital
a woman lying on the bed speaking some one standing beside her
a women over the bed a say something
a young girl is laying in bed in sick with drips running near by.
a beautiful women is lying in the bed and saying to someone that what she thing
asian woman lying on the bed in blue clothes with drawings and a white landline beside her talking to another person
the girl in the hospital bed talking to someone in her own language
some people are watching another person do skateboard tricks.
a guy with a skeleton skateboard is skating on a small ramp with people talking off screen about the ride.
a person with a pink shirt goes on a skateboard and rides a ramp back and forth.
the man is skating at the outdoor park that is there.
a man is skating boarding on a half pipe.
a skateboarder goes down a half pipe, does a trick and returns to the other side.
a man in baggy pants is skateboarding on a half pipe.
a young man rides a skateboard with a skull on it up and down a ramp built around large trees.
a long haired man with a helmet, white shirt, and jeans rides a skateboard on a ramp.
the kid is scateboarding on the ramps and showing off.
a visual presentation by a female showing how to add items on the event calendar.
a lady showing how to arrange events using an online calendar.
a screen shot of a calendar shows more detail for the 15th.
a kind of chart or spreadsheet with some information and numbers.
a digital calender is shown and a womans voice is head as she uses the mouse and adds someone in the calender.
showing calendar with some useful tips
a graphical image is showing bars and numbers.
someone showing details in a calendar, about statistics
updating a spreedsheet account by adding some new data.
a woman is talking about a calendar which is orange green and red
young boy in red shorts plays in sand and fills his buchet with the help of someone's foot.
some girl is singing  on the stage and people are enjoying the song
a child on the beach playing with a bucket to make sandcastle
a little boy in red swim trunks is sitting on the sand filling a bucket with the sand while some ones foot scooped up some sand and put it in the bucket
a boy is playing with sand in a beach by using a bucket.
video of a kid playing on the beach sand
a boy by the sea fills a bucket of sand with his father
a boy in the sand with a toy bucket and shovel.
a person films a child playing in the sand with a bucket and a piece of plastic
a small boy playing in the beach sand and his parent disturb him while play.
steam is rising from a pile of rocks and ash.
smoke is rising from a crevace in a rocky terrain. the black smoke continues to rise as a forrest is revealed in the background.
thin wisps of light grey smoke emerges from the bottom of a large pile of grey rocks.
there is steam coming out from a layer of rock on a mountain with pine trees and blue sky in the back.
on a rocky surface, smoke comes from the ground
some one is looking a nature video with rocks and trees.
volcanic rock on a mountain side with steam emerging from the ground
smoke rises up from a large collection of rocks on a hill.
smoke drifts up from rocks on a rocky hillside with large evergreens on the top of the hill.
smoke is pouring out of the ground on a rocky hillside without any vegetation except some trees farther up the hill.
there is a large open place that is the british museum.
people are talking to the director of the british museum, talking about a certain exhibition.
welcome to the sincince and discovery show 2020!
an intro to the british museum discussing an exhibition.
there is intense music and then a person starts talking about the british museum.
two interviewers conducting interview session with the director of the british museum
a group of people are having a meeting in the british museum.
there is a nice picture of a view that focuses on three people
learn more about the history behind the beautiful architecture of the british museum.
a man is interviewing the director of the new landmark exhibit in the british museum.
a man is explaining the working to other person.
two persons, one of them is is pointing to the back of a speeker
a black t shirt man explaine the working of a machine
searching something in the musicn system he carried
the old man using the some of the electronic items.
some old guy wearing a class explaining how the machine works to someone else
a guy with black top and glasses is showing the parts of the machine.
a man explaining how to operate a machine.
two men are checking gaming machine at the casino
how to operate the machine teach. the second person will listening.
person doing maintenance work on part of computer
a person is screwing something on a motherboard and there is some really loud music playing.
the person is screwing something with music played in the background.
a person handles an electronic item inside while electronic music plays in the background.
a man fixing a computer, h.es turning and screwing thing into the mechine.
man installs a cooling fan into the insides of a pc. loud music is heard in the background.
upbeat techno music accompanies a how-to video of a computer component installation.
a man is fixing an electronic gadget with his bare right hand as the music is played in high pitch in the background
a person fixing nuts into cpu of computer
a person is busy repairing an exhaust fan.
a young boy is ready to sing a song with guitar in his hand and with lights and microphone all set.
image of a boy in front of a microphone and holding a guitar
a man is standing in a dark room, in front of a mic, and is holding a guitar.
a person is standing in a stage with guitar, and starting to playing
a man holding a guitar standing in front of a microphone.
a man stands behind a microphone and holds a guitar in dark room with low light.
man stands motionless in front of the microphone holding a guitar for recording music clip scene
a man is singing with guitar in hand
a man with a dark jacket and a guitar stands at a microphone in a dimly lit loom.
a person start to sing song with playing guitar
a cartoon showing to character planning how to escape.
a cartoon character from loony toons try to attack a castle
cartoon character rabbit, elephant and soldier talking about the person jumped into river
three cartoon characters rabbit, bison and elephant from cartoon network channel are displaying.
cartoon clip showing an elephant chatting with another character
cartoon bugs bunny scene.
a cartoon film , a cat is looking from a ship in the next scene  a man and an elephant standing on the shore
silly sam is trying to catch buggs bunny.
rabbit looks down from the fort as something falls into the river and two animals stand on the bank of the river.
bugs bunny is looking down from a castle when a splash appears.
three guys and a girl are singing on the stage with some dancing movement.
music clip featuring a girl and three boys.
a group of three young men and a woman singing
videos of young people who are working, beautiful, excellent advertising
a group person while one of them holding a flower pot are singing a song.
three men are busy doing some work while a lady joing them
four young guys sing a song, a girl have a bunch flower in her hand
a young man singing song along with young girl and two more young man are there.
a woman with two plants in her hands joins three men singing
two men working on diy while another man and a woman with a plant are singing
a person lighting and showing some tools in dark place
a person is explaining about the pieces placed on the table
it is showing a lot of puzzles pieces and a person explaining where to put it
many pieces on a floor in a house.
a man talking and showing number of pieces to make some arrangement.
black and white, square and round pieces separated on the floor
a man comments on several pieces that are on the floor separated in an organized way.
a man is recording a tutorial video showing all the pieces needed to assemble something or perform a task
a video of a man showing various pieces of equipment/components laid out on a floor.
some blocks or parts of something are there on the floor showing from near
the dancing letters will be helpful for toddlers to learn the alphabet.
animated alphabet characters dancing to the dictation of it with a background music for children.
abcdef is doing a show in this cartoon.
alphabets a to g are dancing with white gloved hands and legs.
wounderful animation with music made for this alphabet letters dancing and moving around
an alphabet song for kids with a nice background music and colorful visuals.
music is playing in the background while an a b c d e f characters on screen appears dancing
the letters of the alphabet are animated and dancing.
one person is singing a song about the car
the colorful alphabet letters a through g are dancing around while a woman sings.
four animated sheep walk near a coiled rope followed by a fifth sad, droopy sheep carrying a traffic cone, which he sets down as they all watch the youngest sheep jump playfully through the coiled rope.
a scene from a cartoon where a small sheep starts singing and dancing in circles
a baby sheep plays happily in front of their group which makes on the sheep in the group surprised.
three stout sheeps and a lean sheep are watching the mischevious behaviour of a calf sheep.
a nicely animated sheep and man with cute actions while moving around the place
scene from t, shaun the sheep,where the little lamb run in joy.
few sheep walking around their enclosure and a kid sheep is jumping around.
a little cartoon sheep jumps around some coiled ropes
a sad sheep siting and a little sheep jumping and playing
excerpt from the cartoon where sean the sheep communicates with three friends and a baby
a sports car drives away from a young woman standing next to it.  the scene dissolves and the porsche logo is displayed.
a woman in light clothes, standing waiting for the exit of a car on a busy avenue
a porsche car driving away as a woman dressed in white is looking at it.
a woman is standing next to a porsche that takes off and then there is white text on the screen and a porsche logo.
in a commercial, a woman with a blond pony-tail watches a man drive away in a black porsche.
a girl is standing and a car is passing in front of her
a porsche that leaves and a woman who stands and watches
a woman dressed in a white shirt watches a man go out with a porshe car
a girl in white shirt watching the cars
sentence 1 : a film ends with lady who dressing white and it shows porsche service
someone is recommending using the stetro grip versus the triangle grip
a woman is describing how and where to use a stetro grip on a pencil. it is a device that makes using pencils easier for artists.
a person in red holding a pencil with a blue grip.
a woman or man is holding a pencil in right hand and explaining the recommended grip type.
commenting on a human piece, put it in pencil to write better.
it's a video about grip pencils
a man in red shirt holding a pencil and demonstrating the stetro grip
the woman pencil how to use fingers stetro grip
a person in a red shirt holding  a pencil showing a blue grip on the pencil.
a lady describes a yellow color pencil fitted with a blue grip which is used to easily handle the pencil
a member of zz top describes some modifications made to his amplification system
the man with the long beard was talking about a guitar that he liked.
a man with black sunglasses and huge beard is standing with another younger man.
a person with black shirt and talking with another person
two men, one with a big beard, dark glasses and a hat.
a white beard man telling about the another man who is holding a guitar
a man with a big beard, dark glasses and a cap speaks beside another man with a jacket.
there have two persons in the video. one person having guitar in a hand
a man with long white color beard is speaking with young man
a guitarist wearing jacket sat beside a beard man and beard man is talking
a man and a woman teaching how to lay wooden floors
blond man and woman tidying up wooden floors.
showing the installation of the floor.
a man and woman are putting down flooring in a building.
a person is placing a piece of wood next to the wall.
a man is demonstrating and instructing and how to perform a home renovation project.
a man and a woman tiling and painting their home together with brown tiles and white paint
two person discussing about a wall mesurement.
a man with light hair is crouching next to a dark haired woman and they are pressing down on wooden floorboards right next to a white wall.
a man and woman doing carpentry work in their home
a woman is singing in a dark rainbow world.
a women with light green color dress is sing about sky and rain.
a woman dressed like a fairy is singing a quiet song.
a beautiful woman singing amidst many flowers and special effects
a woman sitting beside some rose bushes while singing a beautiful song.
some girlis singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
a woman in a dress sings about the weather.
a dark-haired girl in a long strapless dress sings in a room. it has a lamp on in the background.
a beautiful girl in the middle of the forest singing.
a video clip: a white woman with long black hair and a long dress sitting in the middle of a garden singing
a young girl wearing a purple dress and and purple headband is on a tv show.
a little girls answering a question and attracting applause from audience.
cute little girl with purple colour dress saying something and laughing
little girl amuses tv show audience with her commitment to perfection.
a small girl child wearing purple top and sporting a ponytail accompanied by her mother in navy blue tunic is asking a cute question to the interviewer in the studio
the little girl said no because we get back up on stage.
a little girl talking to an audience on a talk show sitting next to her mom.
a little girl apparently says something admirable while being interviewed by ellen degeneres.
a girl is talking in a show and people are clapping
a girl kid sitting in sofa and speaking with opposite person
a man in long white lab coat feeding chickens
a black man in a white shirt is in a chicken coop farming.
a clip of a man harvesting eggs from a large group of chickens.
a man dressed in white court feeding chickens
man in white lab coat is expressing his desire to be a poultry farmer as he feeds many chickens with a scoop from a bag in a modern building.
a man pours feed into containers in a room full of chickens.
a man wearing a white lab coat is feeding chickens.
a man in a white coat is feeding chickens at a poultry farm.
a man in white lab coat feeding the chickens in the poultry
a man dressed in a lab coat is feeding a large flock of chickens.
a old and gray looking bear is laying down on the ground.
a cartoon animal talking to a fox about leaving the woods.
the badger is calling the fox over for advise.
a blue bear wakes up and speaks to a fox.
a badger wakes from a nap and talks to a fox.
someone is watching cartoon.
a cartoon bear is laying on the ground and speaking.
a cartoon badger waking from a nap.
a very large animal lying on the ground speaking.
the grey bear looks at the camera and is sleeping
an adult giraffe is running in an open desert.
a giraffe is running in the forest and there are two other little giraffes
wild life of a giraffie is captured and narratted by a person
a animal video in which they showing  giraffe
family of giraffes running and eating in a large field with tall grass.
a giraffe runs across the savanna before its baby is showed nest to it.
a adult giraffe is running in the forest and a child giraffee is standing near his mother.
one big giraffe is running and then a herd of giraffe can be seen , which contain two baby giraffe and on adult
a guge  giraffe is runnning around in  a jungle
a giraffe is running in the forest and one another giraffe is standing behind the trees
a women talks to a young girl with a black hat on while she drives.
very sad for this event and make for talk drive car so accident also make.
there are two women where one with the black dress is driving a car and one wearing a cap is having a simple conversation with her.
a lady driving car at night and another one is sitting near, both are talking
a group of two girls are in a car talking to each other.
two women in a car,one of them driving and the other with a hat is talking.
two women talking in the car while driving and listening to music
the two girls driving a car.  and she is also talking the some matter.
a woman drives while speaking to a kid sitting next to her.
two young girls inside a car wearing black clothes
in video seen of a machine where person making something in machine
in this video we can see a man making some wood job
a person is making a wooden utensil on the machine
a man making a wooden product on machine.
a persons is using a tool to file away the inside of a wooden part.
a man molded wood using tools. the wood is spinning
a guy holds on to some object in lathe to get in resquired shape
a man using a lathe hollows out a vase-like piece of wood.
a person is crafting some wooden material by rotating and carving.
preparing a piece of wood in a machine.
a man is scanned and he is peaking and walking
a man appearing in a star ship and looking for someone.
man appears in the middle of a room by teleportation.
one person watch and search the technical monitor room
a man who suddenly appears inside a spaceship.
a man is talking to a computer and looking for peple.
a person in black shirt is standing inside  a room
a person wearing a black suite is standing and requesting the computer to show some information.
a man dressed in a black space suit drops down a the star wars ship.
a person is beamed up to the spaceship prometheus.
swimming in the sea sharke
a whale communicates with another whale in the beautiful and clear body of water.
a large blue whale moving in the ocean
a dolphin is taking plunge into the sea water.
the two dolphins are diving in the ocean with clear blue water.
on a blue sea two sharks were coming out to take breathe and playing making sound
two big fish are there swimming in the water
two whales swims by making noise in the water.
two dolphins are playing in the water and sounding
the two blue whales are swimming in the sea
there are three brown bags and they are next to each other. they appear to be made of plastic and have protuberances in the center of them. each suitcase is a different size and it looks like the three are brand new, never used.
vairty of luggages explained one person
luggage reviewing video showing different types of luggage in sizes.
rust color luggage are displaying, a message line rolling on blue strip
there are three rust coloured suitcases of different sizes
man talking while showing the image of some brown bags
a video review of the best luggage from 2019.
if have content is very productive of using luggages to barrings
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
three brown color suitcase luggage were arranged one by one
a lady just looking on her dress in the mirror
girl wearing black clothes showing her chain
the lady is showing off a gold plated necklace.
woman dressed in black blouse presents necklace accessory piece she is wearing
a woman wearing a gold necklace describing a locket named 1996.
in this video we can see a beautigul girl showing a necklace
a woman showing her jewelry, to sell to the public
a girl wear a gold chain and explain theirquality
a woman reviewing and advertising a dainty and gold chain.
advertising a gold cord.
a person wearing wetsuit is swimming next to whale
a group of sea divers swimming with giant fish
man voicing video talks about strange recorded underwater sounds while showing an image of a basking shark.
there is man in underwater doing research about science and sharks .
inside water a ship and two under water persons
a shark with his mouth open and a person right next to it.
a giant shark with its mouth open and two divers near it.
picture of a shark with a male voiceover explaining about listening to underwater sounds.
in sea there some doing mysterious  over covid 19
a documentary about the mysterious sounds recorded
a person is working with a machine and grinding
a man is filing a piece of wood next to a tool in his lab
the man is cutting wood with a type of equipment.
a person who appears to be a cabinetmaker shapes a wood until it takes shape.
there is a man shaving an unknown object
a person using a mechanical tool for sharpening.
a man inserting rod in to the running round coil motor.
a person is chiseling wood using a lathe to make the process easier.
a man having a rod in the hand and carving a wooden cork using it and the wooden cork is fitted in the machine.
someone is sharpening a tool on an electric sharpener while music is playing in background.
a blue dressed boy playing  with a red ball
a baby kicks a red ball that hits inside the washing machine
a small kid is kicking a ball inside a room
a boy is kicking a ballon it's directly reached to the ashing machine opening
a little boy is kicking a soft little ball into a dryer.
a baby hits the ball directly in to the washing machine and he is bubbling with joy
the small baby playing with ball.
a very small child laughing a lot playing happily
little boy kicks a toy soccer ball into the washing machine.
a child wearing blue kicked a ball into a small opening.
lighting the candle on three different cup cakes.
person lighting candle on cupcakes while lively music plays
two cup cakes with lots and lots of little sprinklers on them.
its a birthday cake with lighting cake to celebrate
a person prepared the cupcake for a celebration
some one is lighting candles on cupcakes with white icing and decorations on it
ligtning candles on cupcakes
a person lighten the beautiful cake
a barbeque lighter is used to light candles on a series of colourfully decorated cupcakes.
some one is lighting the candle in the cup cake with lighter
a person promotes her business by letting the viewer know how they can contact her.
linda rayner web site and then a text saying ambition to advancement
a woman is sitting in the office and a mouse is scrolling
a lady in the background explains the procedure how the persons can apply for job through the company website
a view of someone's computer screen that is on another woman's website.
linda rayner have a website, you have the chance to work with her
a female voice is telling to log in to a website.
she is giving you key instructions on how to work with her.
a beautiful young girl sitting at a table with computer and smiling.
a woman is talking about a website and some text is also shown in the screen
a man is enjoying to a song through his earphones.
a black man watching a video of a cartoon showing a man playing an instrument.
a man wearing a headphone and listening to a song.
jamming to music is what makes me happy.
a man wearing cap and headphones is enjoying the music
the man sing a song very well.
a man in a cap reacts to a cartoon scene in which a man plays an instrument.
a man who is wearing headphones and listening to music.
a black man wearing a black beanie is listening to music on the headphones heâ€™s wearing
a man listening to some music being played through  his headphones.
a person's feet kick underwater as they are approached by dolphins.
two men do a swim with a dolphin in a pool
a person shooting a dolphin fish under water.
one people and the dolphin swimming on the sea.
two people are in the water with a dolphin.
a men swimming in the ocean with a dolfin
a dolphin is swimming and a person is talking about it.
people are swimming in the blue water with a dolphin.
dolphin are moving in the waters and a man's leg is visible
a person swims freely closely with several dolphins
a gospe choir, dressed in purple, is singing a church song
group songs sing one team and like all people very sound for last line also like me.
there is a same dressed group of womens singing a song
women and man singing in an orchestra all dressed in blue with a emblem in the left side of their dress
chorus of black people singing blows dressed in purple.
we are all sing a song.  these person wearing the dress color is voilet.
a chorus of many black women in blue shirts with gold plaques on them clap their hands and sing a gospel song.
a brown color women with short hair sings happily with group of peoples.
a group of people wearing same purple dress are singing a song in a very enthusiastic manner
a church choir dressed in purple robes is singing and clapping.
there's an aircraft that is flying in the sky.
satellite going on the sky
the jet is flying in the sky and doing a super diving.
a jet is rising up in the blue sky while a voice speaks.
an ultra modern jet gliding in a blue sky during the day.
someone is fly to the sky, and he was explained that.
narrating the performance of a fighter.
an aircraft flying in the sky while while the voice of a man narrates how are the wings of the plane and its aerodynamics.
a modern jet fighter flies in a blue sky as a commenter goes summarizes its characteristics.
and as a high and lying trap facilitating and the design of the
a sweaty man drops a goblet and looks at his hands as he begins to glow.
a sweating man drops a goblet he was holding and watches as his hands start to glow.
a man is sitting in front of a fireplace drinking from a goblet when he suddenly drops the cup and looks at his fingers which appear to be glowing with orange.
a frumpy looking curly haired man drops the goblet he is holding when he notices a gold light emitting from his hands.
a concerned man drops a cup and looks at his hands that hare shining.
the person was standing by the fire in the dark there.
a man's hands start to glow after drinking from a chalice.
a man is drinking from a chalice before he drops it.
he discovered the secret power of the hidden hidden temple.
a man finishes drinking from a cup and looks surprised at the changes that occur to him as his hands slowly begins to glow possibly due to the drink.
the animated bus is going with passengers and song playing in background.
some guy is singing and dancing  and  people enjoying the song
musical cartoon dave & ava with a toy bus which is running to toy houses
a colorful cartoon bus driving into town serves a backdrop for the song the wheels on the bus.
a bus moving into a vilage
a cartoon of a bus is driving down a dirt road while the song, wheels on the bus is playing.
in the cartoon video a car is moving while song is playing in background
a kids rhymes video shows the wheels of the bus rolling and moving.
someguy is talking and playing a online multiplayer game
animated moving wheel is displayed and gradually entire bus shown on screen
a classic car is parked outside with a river and bridge in the background.
a car in the foreground with a bridge and water in the background.
a video showing the promo of a car.
a car near a pier
a car which is parked on bank of the river.
a silver colred car parked near the sea
old car of gray color front grille of golden engine and with small wheels parked by the river bridge appearing behind the car
image of a car and in the background there is a big bridge.
video of an old car being taken near the bridge
there is a car near the beautiful sea area
video with inadequate car driver and cyclists
a man is abusing another man on road.
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
a male person standing next of his black car is discussing with some cyclists.
cyclist is saying to someone in the background to call 999. a man is standing in front of his car getting angry. several cyclists are blocking the path of the car.
two men discuss and one of them goes to his car while the other stays in his bike
the man accident the car for using the beep word.
a man in black coat suit getting down from a car and shouting in the road.
the cycle riding competition with the boys following the car
a man in suit spoke something and went to his car
a girl is reading messages on her smartphones
a girls laying on the bed is texting to her friends on a phone.
this woman is in the messaging app on her phone.
a girl is reading the received messages in her mobile phone.
subtitles appear beneath a phone screen as someone texts.
a mysterious video of a girl texting in a non-english language.
a women chating in her tablet mobile
a young lady using mobile phone to send email by lying on the bed.
a young woman lays in bed reading texts messages on a flip phone.
there is a woman chatting in her phone
three characters move about as one speaks about something
2 cartoon character keeping a third baby character quiet
she was wearing the spectacles and speak.at that time that baby runs so babies father came and pick the his baby
baby muppets are shown as one baby muppet tries to put a ball in his mouth as another muppet takes it away.
a character speculates on a situation while another character attempts to eat a ball.
the muppet babies having a fun afternoon at home.
baby cartoon characters are playing with a stripped ball.
a muppet is concerned about keeping another muppet quiet as the baby muppet starts making noise.
the group of animated figures are talking to each other.
some kids are watching cartoon video with some kids.
the person is speech in ted. the black color court in stage.
a man with red shirt and black coat wearing glasses and mike addresses the audience about contrast minds
a well dressed old man is speaking on the stage of the famous show ted talk
a person gives a speech at a ted conference about introverted and extroverted people.
there is a man and talking with audience
a old person giving motivational speech in a stage
a man with glasses dressed in a blazer and red shirt gives a lecture on a ted talk.
man doing presentation on a program.
there is a white man in a black suit is telling something
the man with black suit is talking on the stage in a program.
a star trek woman with blonde hair and black dress approaches a black man in a red shirt
a girl talking some one in front of screen
the female is talking in a movie and the scene is reviewed in the background voice.
a women speaking something to the men
a man is explaining about a movie and the movie is playing
breaking braga shows  a girl and man talking with each other
a blond woman is shown, as she is speaking to another character.
a woman in a black body suit talking to a man wearing a purple sweater.
the man is explaining about the conversation done by a lady and man in the movie.
brannon braga is presenting some fantastic movie with a blonde woman inside some room
a black car hit the green car from behind and another car also hit the green car
in a busy avenue, a green car tries to turn to the next street and the car behind it hits it, then the green car moves a little forward and another car that tries to turn also hits it.
a man is commentating while a truck hits a light green car, causing it to spin slightly around in another direction, and then another truck hits the car.
a car hits another car in a busy road
a police force in vehicles crash into a light green vehicle on a street.
police in large black suvâ€™s ramming a green taxi.
one green is hit by three black car and stopped the green car
a pair of black vans are ramming into a taxi cab in a successful attempt at preventing the cab from escaping.
crash between a police car and potential suspects, then a young man appears telling the fact.
one green coloured car has got accident with black car on the corner of the road
a man wearing black clothes is skateboarding on a skate park. a child is on a skateboard next to it.
a man and a child talking with skateboards.
a man tries to perform tricks on a skateboard in an indoor skate park.
a man on the skate is teaching small boy to some tips on skate
two young men in hats skateboarding on their own track
a skateboarder is doing tricks to make a film.
a skateboard instructor teaching a child how to skateboard
a man in a black shirt and skateboard and seems to be teaching a child.
there are a few guy guys talking about skateboard.
a man is riding a skate board, then grabs it and gives it a small todd
a competion is hoing on where in one team there are two guys and another team there are two boys and one girl both the teams are talking to each other using mickes
four guys in glasses standing on stage talking over the mic.
the singers sing the song
in a music presentation, two singers are filmes talking to each other
two person having mic with hand and speaking in open stage
two men, both wearing baseball caps, speaking to each other, using microphones at an out-door event. there is a crowd of people standing behind them.
two men in hats and sunglasses talking to the audience
two men in blue argue with another two people on a stage.
indonesian two men talking on the mic in a public event
two men animating and entertaining people in a public event
some cartoon animated character discussing about their situation in their dome
someone is watching a cartoon video with two guy.
a picture is shown at the end of a song.
an orange color man loudly shouts and going to attack a ghost man.
two cartoon characters one with flames and red hair and other with black horns are facing each other
two cartoon fighting each other with the good hero on top
a man with orange hair prepares to fight a horned creature.
an anime style fight between a red headed man and a horned creature
an animated video showing funny characters and their activities
the clip shows two cartoon characters which look like superheroes and want to fight each other.
the singer is singing a song.
a latin music video with two men and a behind them a large crowd outdoors.
they are action with english song singing and dancing
a guy singing in a video
man with glasses sings in a video clip while another man with glasses looks at the camera.
a man wearing a hood and dark glasses in singing next to another man.
two men singing with a group of dancers behind them.
men standing in a room with women singing in the dark.
two guys with sunglasses and hoodies singing not very well
guys with head coverings singing into a camera
this man is brushing his horse.
the man cleaning the horse by using some cloth
a person brushing a caramel colored horse with a black brush
the man is wiping the black horse and the horse in standing in the grass.
we have a horse apparently being petted by its owner
a guy is cleaning the legs of the brown horse standing very still.
a man messaging the horse leg
a man grooming a gray horse to get him to drop.
a man is cleaning a dark brown horse with a brush
a person with brown horse washing on a grassland.
delicious desserts being cut into small squares
a person cuts a piece of chocolate into cubes with a knife
several chocolates on a white table. in the end someone cuts one of those chocolates.
someone was wearing the blue gloves and cutting the chocolate into smaller pieces
a person is cutting pieces of dessert with a knife.
someone is wearing blue nitrile gloves while using a knife to cut some sort of dessert.
a lot of chocolate bars is being cut in to square pieces using a knife.
a person with blue gloves on his hands is cutting chocolate bars so perfectly
a knife sliced of freshly prepared sweets in a blue glove is shown
a chef cutting home made chocolate
a boy in a pink jacket announces his name and states that someone is in his bathroom.
the person in pink see a man in his bathroom
an animated video showing funny characters and their activities
the cartoon character speaks with confidence
someone is watching the cartoon network show.
a cartoon character is saying something in a show.
a cartoon shows a boy with pink jacket and black hair speaking and pointing his arms.
a boy with a pink jacket talking and gesturing.
a boy wearing a tee shirt with a yellow star and a pink jacket is talking to someone in a bathroom
cartoo with a boy in rose jacket in a wooden house
some one put the paper into printer and made the printer ready to print
a man taking prints in the canon printer
some guy is explaing about ink jet printer on the displayed video
that printer is about to print.
a man explaining an canon pixma pro 100 inkjet printer's specialties
a man in blue shirt is putting a sheet of paper inside a printer.
the canon pixma pro 100 is a great professional ink jet printer.
the person explains about the cannon inkjet printer.
how to print instrution cannon printer explain person
the man is fixing the paper in the printer.
a women drawing point , look like  paint artist
a woman writing with ink appearing to be making art.
a woman touches a brush into paint before she paints on some paper.
a lady draws in a white paper with color brush and make well.
a woman is drawing on the white paper with brush
she is drawing the note like easily.
the women drawing an art in her painting room
a woman is painting with black pigment in a piece of paper.
a woman making a drawing on a sheet of paper.
the female with black dress is painting on a paper with paint brush.
many buildings are bomb blast this place
a boy is playing a game on the computer
the sky view of falling of building is played
knockdown of some buildings by detonation
a large part of the earthquake destroys buildings
this area in tsunami pormble
the demolishing of a building and there are sand flying around the building.
a city that is being bombed and a building that is collapsing.
the buildings are falling down due to the earthquake
the building fully destroyed.